(sheı)muoıkea	gyroscope
@toacıa	flaccid
@toacıa	chaotic
@toacıa	direct
@toacıa	disturbs
@toacıa	economy
@toacıa	ethny
@toacıa	porous
@toacıa	ironic
@toacıa	tide
@toacıa	efficient
@toacıa	organizes
@toacıa	punishes
@toacıa	kneads
@toacıa	pinches
@toacıa	suffers stress
@toacıa	frame
@toacıa	layer
@toacıa	pastry
@toacıa	fertilized egg
@toacıa	unfertilized egg
@toacıa	membrane
@toacıa	spiritist
Aqtatıka	Antarctica
Arabızu	Arabic language
Babadogua	country Barbados
Belıjegua	country Belize
Beroamerıka	North America
Bıetoaq	post-Toaqic
Chuamerıka	Central America
Deranı	Derani
Doıche	German
Doıchegua	Germany
Ebetoaq	Ewe language
Eseperaqto	Esperantic
Eseperaqtozu	Esperanto
Esyperaqto	Esperantic
Esyperaqtogua	"Esperantujo"
Esyperaqtozu	Esperanto
Faraqse	French
Faraqsegua	France
Fıetoaq	Vietoaq
Fıosazu	Viossa language
Guobasa	Globasa language
Gutaq	Gothic
Haı'ataqgua	Armenia
Huıgıdezu	ygyde language
Hıqdıagua	India
Iqlaqgua	England
Iqlaqtoaq	English language
Isıkuıgua	Ithkuilistan
Isȳlaqgua	country Iceland
Jamaıkagua	country Jamaica
Junıko	Unicode
Juqguo	Chinese
Juqguogua	China
Kuenhazu	Quenya language
Kısymasy	Christmas
Latınazu	Latin language
Logalaqzu	Loglan language
Majaragua	country Hungary
Myleısıygua	country Malaysia
Namıamerıka	South America
Namıguaq	Antarctica
Nedelaq	Dutch
Nedelaqgua	Netherlands
Nedelaqzu	Dutch language
Nıhoq	Japanese
Nıhoqgua	Japan
Nıhoqgua	country Japan
Pasyka	Easter
Ponagua	ma pona
Puıpoqduq	is popular among
Pıkachu	is
Rahınagua	country Ukraine
Romaguame	Roman Empire
Sakaqgua	country Georgia
Seperaqto	Esperantic
Seperaqtozu	Esperanto
Suloenı	Slavic
Sıaomerıka	Native American
Toaq'aofa	Toaq Alpha
Toaqbeta	Toaq Beta
Toaqdeota	Toaq Delta
Toaqgama	Toaq Gamma
Toaqgua	Toaqistan
Toaqlızu	Toaqglish
Tubalugua	country Tuvalu
Ukaınagua	country Ukraine
Zaıche	Esperantist
a	ah
aba	father
abugıda	abugida
achoqrıeq	saves on
achoqte	has been used up
achu	sneezes
achı	fun
acı	acid
acı'aı	acidic
acıboq	antacid
adı	fat
adı'acı	fatty acid
afarıhelekı	eland
afarıkune	African wild dog
afarılıqsaq	oyan
agora	public gathering
ahaqdulılahı	thanks God
aho	idiot
ahoge	ahoge
ahoı	welcomes
ahı	ouch
aja	yay
ajenalıq	adrenaline
ajı	bow
ajıche	archer
ajıkea	crossbow
aka	root
akacıa	acacia tree
akahua	tuber
akanose	AMAB
akazeo	tuber
akaı	soreness
ako	peak
akuıla	eagle
akuılabı	griffon
akıleopuebeqbo	 heel
akımı	active
akırakıa	bloody
ala	Allah
alaı	alga
aloe	aloe
alomoı	allistic
alumıq	aluminum
alumıq'ıum	aluminium
alıu	allium
am	chomp
amabo	our
amerıkakenobo	Nearctic deer
amerıkamelı	American badger
amerıkamusela	New World weasel
amerıkanaomusela	New World otter
ampea	ampere
anho	bumps
anhoanho	chain reaction
anhotı	bumps
ano'aobı	romance.work
anofeu	break.up
anogaq	romantic.partner
anopoaq	break up
anou'ıdeı	love-panics
anoujı	my love.
anı	sand
anı	sand
anıguaq	desert
anıguaq	desert
anıhı	sandwhich
anıjıeq	pyramid
anıjıo	sand.castle
anıkaro	Barbary sheep
anıme	anime
anıpıo	sandstone
anırea	beach
anıtoaı	grain of sand
anıtıaq	sand-colored
ao'aoga	letter Ao
ao'aı	realistic
aobı	imaginary
aobıfıeq	makes up
aobıgaı	hallucinates
aobıge	hallucination
aobıgı	imaginative
aobıhuı	unimaginative
aobıjua	absurd
aobıjıaq	fictional world
aobıkuq	says lie
aobıkuqse	lie
aobılua	fictional story
aobıluaı	dadaistic
aobımoı	imagines
aobımoı	has fantasy
aofabeta	alphabet
aoga	frame
aoja	detached
aolua	fiction
aomo	island
aomo	island
aopaıkoı	ıs an ascender
aotomoı	has autism
aotue	hypothesis
apu	application
apı	bee
apıbue	hive
apıbue	beehive
apıduao	honey
apıkoaı	honeycomb
apını	hop plant
aq'aqshe	letter Aq
aqbo	s
aqbohuıtuaruaq	blames, accuses
aqdepıo	andesite
aqhy	sniffs
aqjykı	polysterene
aqjıkı	polysterene
aqkuaq	letter Q
aqmana	letter Q
aqnha	intends to do
aqshe	donkey
aqshe	donkey
aqshekebo	mule
aramoshı	orgasms
arane	spider
arane	spider
aranekoaı	spiderweb
arapaıma	arapaima
araı	physical object
arıeq	saves on
asaı	dirt
asaıdashı	mud
asaızeo	vegetable
asenı	arsenic
asheadaıdıu	modal logic
ashelaı	letter Æ
asholo	axolotl
asıagazala	Asian gazelle
asıahepete	Asian mongoose
asıapokesao	finless porpoise
asımıqzeo	pawpaw
atom	atom
atomchu	atomic nucleus
atı	on
aı'aı	smacks
aı'aıpu	letter Aı
aıba	mon
aıcha	resembles
aıcy	integer
aıdao	essence
aıfuq	costume
aıfuqpatı	costume party
aıgeı	dresses up as
aıjı	aji
aıkopı	mimic
aımu	not* the case
aıpa	faerie
aıpoq	faerie
aıpu	ghost
aıpu	ghost
aıpuraq	ghostly
aıpy	faerie
aıpı	faerie
aıse	impression
aısopo	isopod
aıueo	set
aızy	letter Y
bafaq	should
baga	pulls
bagacaha	breathes in
bagacha	ingressive
bagahıe	tugs
bagasıoq	pulley
bagatıaı	drawer
bage	baguette
baha'ı	Bahá'í
bakamoqda	Toaq illocution
bakanueq	beef
bakoy	makes requests
balaq	alarm
balu	should
banadıum	vanadium
banaku	guanaco
banana	banana
bao	white
baobaokenobo	muntjac
baoguı	rice
baoguıcıepabakashunaonıubıu	sushi
baoguıtaqraka	rice tenrec
baoketo	beluga
baokuodepı	killer whale
baokıa	pink
baoluaq	white player
baopo	white player’s
baoruı	silver
baosıaıtoaı	white blood cell
baozu	Cantonese
baqjo	banjo
baqpıry	vampire
baqraq	general
baqraı	generic instance
baqse	typical result
baqshı	entity
baqteı	idealized shape
barabara	barbarous
barabeq	brussels sprout.
barara	*brrrrrrr*
barata	Indian
baratagua	India
baraı'adu	Nilgiri tahr
barua	rose
bashoq	version
baso	bass
basue	commands
basue'eı	high-handed
basuehe	haughty
basueruo	(being) superior
basuetoı	is dominant
basıle	basil
bata	watt
batata	potato
batata	sweet potato
batıny	Beltane
baı	build
baıgıq	disassembles
baıhıu	canal
baıloha	metal iron
baıpaq	is a part
baırıaı	scaffolding
baıtoaı	brick
be	infant
be'ı	grapevine
be'ıtı	grapevine
bea	hinge.joint
beagoa	corner
beajıoqkea	laptop
beamuao	cypress tree
beapue	arthropod
beapueq	knuckle-walks
beapueqhe	knuckle-walker
beaq	stick
beaqchea	umbrella
beaqcıoq	lever
beaqfua	column
beaqgoeq	fence
beaqluoq	scales
beaqme	ladder
beaqnaby	breadstick
beaqnhuo	ladder
beaqnıu	bamboo
beaqtıaı	cage
beaı	hangs on
beaıgıo	pendant light
beaıpıo	pendant
bebe	baby
bebehaq	baby food
bebere	weber
beberesıu	viverrid
bebo	pregnant
becıoq	lever
bede	is
bege	meh
beheq	pregnant
bekerele	becquerel
bele	bel
beleq	phlegm
beleqguele	pituitary gland
bem	infant
benhoq	umbilical cord
beo	change
beochua	variable
beodama	unstable
beodaı	variable
beodo	variable
beojeqda	genderfluid
beojey	genderfluid
beoq	base, foundation
beoqsaı	chemical
beoreaı	being stubborn
beoreaıhe	stubborn
beotoaı	infinitesimal
beotoaıdıu	calculus
beotua	changes
beotue	event
bepoaı	egg
beq	extrusion
beqbaı	pinches
beqbo	is convex at
beqbıa	swollen
beqdepı	humpback dolphin
beqgıu	ridge
beqheq	convex hull
beqjeoq	bumpy
beqra	date palm
beqrabeberesıu	nandiniid
beqse	tumor
beqsıu	swollen
beqtoq	overhang
beqzeq	benzene
bero	north
berohochu	north-east
berohore	north-west
beromerıka	North America
beromoa	north pole
beropoq	northerner
berosoq	north pole
beryzu	eberban
berılysaı	beryllium
berılıum	beryllium
betaruaıcheabıso	betacoronavirus
betoq	concrete
betoqpuo	concrete powder
beuq	pulls
beı'o	wine
beıgou	bagel
beıho	wine
beıjaq	so much the case
beıjaq	so much the case
beılaq	stressed
beımeılaı	letter W
beınoq	wine
beıso	virus
beıtua	emphasizes
bo	have
boa	neck
boafuq	scarf
boagıa	choker
boam	low-pitched
boao	knows the answer
boaq	shadow
boaqfeo	oriented
boaqhuoı	tree squirrel
boaqhuoısıu	squirrel
boaqkahu	tree squirrel
boareı	choker
boareımy	choker
boaıhe	submissive
boaıkuaı	compliant
bobe	unborn child
boca	wasp
boceo	acquires
boche	owner
bocıa	lacks
boduq	Vodun
bodyka	vodka
boe	leaf
boe(sıu)guaq	plain
boebeogıo	is komorebi
boefuq	robe
boehaq	pancake
boejıo	tent
boekıoq	circle
boeme	salad
boenao	puddle
boepata	chip
boeqdıaıjodıaı	Boeing 747
boeteımuhuaqtuamu	flattered
boetuo	sloth
bofaı	common to own
bogı	Bhogi
bohıaq	poor
boko	shoves
boku	me
bokuaı	feels greed
boleı	rare to own
bologıtom	phlogiston
boloto	volt
bolıa	pen
bomu	possession of
bomıa	rich
bone	wealth
bonuamy	loot
bopıosaı	boron
boq	prevent
boqdua	indeterminate
boqgoaıcha	affricate
boqko	finds
boqkıubu	inevitable
boqkıubu	inevitable
boqlaq	consonant
boqsa	preventable loss
boqsoa	prevents
boqsulaq	plosive
boqtı	obstructs
boqtıe	obstructs
bore	flattens
boromıq	bromine
boroq	boron
bose	wasp
bosebue	wasp nest
boshao	wants to possess
boshaı	lose
boshaınue	renounces
boshaıtao	discards
bosho	gains
bosho	gets
bosue	requests
bosıa	unclaimed
bosıabebue	orphanage
bota	holds off
boteq	pays
boteq	pays money
boteqdoa	sells, for money
bouba	lumpy
boı	since
bua	inhabit
buachao	van
buachıjıo	abbey
buafa	moves house
buafa	moves house
buajeq	housemate
buajıo	house
buajıome	neighborhood
buaq	fail
buaqcha	unsuccessful
buaqchıo	attempts
buaqmeo	frustrated
buaı	long
buaıdekı	ruler
buaıduoı	stretches
buaıfa	journeys
buaıhuao	loose
buaıjıo	tower
buaıjıojıeq	rectangle
buaıkua	hall
buaıkıoq	3D oval shape
buaıkıoqteı	oval shape
buaımuı	wordy
buaımıeqchuo	ruler
buaıne	length
buaınıoq	tusk
buaırueq	taut
buaısıoq	ellipse
buaıtoaı	unit of length
buaıtoq	plank
bubeı	indeed not so
bubu	not not the case
buby	feels good
buca	prevent
buchıcheykuq	says
buda	buddha
budachuaq	Buddhism
budachı	Buddhist
budajıuchaq	Buddha Jayanti
budakoko	Buddhist
buduoceaq	cheetah
buduı	not enough
budıe	warns
bue	home
buedueq	lawn
bueguaq	territory
buemoe	feels at home
buenoı	homework
buesoaq	lawn
buetı	at home
buhuı	nice
buja	kiss
bujao	far from false
bujuı	barely the case
bujıqjeosuq	gatekeeps
buka	dares to do
bukache	adventurer
bula	bubble
bulahıu	stream
bulame	foam
bulua	fiction
bulureıfeoq	Blu-ray disk
bumeraq	boomerang
bumuojuı	hardly
buo	ready
buojuq	accepts property
buoqgaq	hangs out with
buoqjı	case
buoqlaı	glyph
buoqlua	comedy
buoqse	folly
buoıluaı	darkly humorous
buoımeoca	tragic
buoınoaq	doomscrolls
buq	mouth
buqbeq	muzzle
buqbıu	proboscis
buqchulaq	schwa vowel
buqhıao	bites
buqjeoq	oral cavity
buqjıaı	bites
buqjıaı	kisses
buqkuoq	tooth
buqkıaqkaro	serow
buqkıaqnua	shaves
buqkıaqpoke	bearded seal
buqluao	lip
buqluaofuo	is kissing
buqlıa	cheek
buqlıasho	debuccalizes
buqnao	saliva
buqne	mouthful
buqpıo	tooth
buqshaıca	gobstopper
buqsoı	pigs out on
buqtuaq	beak
buqtıabıu	pharynx
buqtıetı	velar
buraqsaı	is
burasıhebe	rubber tree
buruaq	denies
buruaq	deny
buruo	moss
buruonıu	bryophyte
buruotıe	mossy
burı	brie
burıaq	utopia
burıaqkero	grapefruit tree
burıu	returns
bushu	holy
bushudoı	worships
bushumıochaq	Holy Saturday
butıduo	moves away
buzolokıa	ghost pepper
buı	outside
buı	outside
buıcaha	breathes out
buıce	exit
buıduotaq	expands
buıduotaqtua	expands
buıfa	exit
buıgaja	extraterrestrial
buıjıaı	bacteria
buıkoe	excludes
buıku	uterus
buıkuboaq	placenta
buıkuboaq	placenta
buıkubıu	fallopian tube
buısetıeq	exhaust
buısha	gets out
buıshuaq	emits
buıtoa	loan word
buıtua	expels
byleq	phlegm
byleqguele	pituitary gland
bóekıoqmuteı	circular
bıa	sick
bıaca	illness
bıacuaq	illness
bıafoa	feels sick
bıahıeq	throws up
bıajıo	hospital
bıakaı	virus
bıakuaı	has a sick
bıalaı	symptom
bıaloq	has fever
bıalıao	mo(u)ld
bıamuasaı	vaccine
bıao	confused
bıaobıa	drunk
bıaoca	confuses
bıaochı	holds confused
bıaokoaı	maze
bıaokoı	stumbles
bıaonao	alcohol
bıaonaosho	ferments
bıaonaoshote	fermented
bıaopıaq	surprised
bıaotoa	riddle
bıapoe	quarantined
bıaq	enough
bıaqbu	not enough
bıaqpuoq	satisfies
bıarıo	miasma
bıasaı	toxic
bıasaıbıa	poisoned
bıatuataqtua	makes
bıdeo	video
bıdeoluaq	plays video game
bıdeoluaqmu	video game
bıe	after
bıecoetoa	suffix
bıejao	long.after
bıejearıaq	bar
bıejuı	shortly.after
bıekao	will
bıekıe	thanks
bıeseudıu	aftermath
bıeshata	disposable
bıfı	wifi
bıgosy	bigos
bıkıce	wiki entry
bıkıkaıce	wiki article
bıkıkaıse	wiki article
bıkıkue	wiki
bıkıkueboe	wiki article
bıkını	bikini
bılaq	beep
bılaı	colon
bılıada	billiards
bıo	cup
bıolıno	violin
bıoq	departs
bıosapoq	Viossa speaker
bıosazu	Viossa
bıoı	leaks
bıoıchuao	leak
bıq	thousand
bıqbıq	million
bıra	beer
bıraı	topic
bıru	virus
bırushı	virion
bırutoaı	virion
bıso	virus
bıtı	grapevine
bıtızeo	grape
bıtızeome	bunch of grapes
bıu	tube
bıucheoq	tube
bıuchue	pipeline
bıuluao	orifice
bıume	pipeline
bıunıaı	worm
bıushoaıcıa	flea
bıutoaı	ring
bıutoaıhaq	bagel
bıutuaı	salp
bıutıaı	barrel
bọtua	brought about
ca	cause
caberubıso	sarbecovirus
cabıaq	enough.to
cadaı	potential energy
cadıu	physics
cagıle	conducive
caha	breathes
cahahua	lung
cajoq	directly causes
cake	treat
cale	tends to cause
canhu	chestnut
canhy	chestnut
cao	season
capaq	counts
capo	mamey sapote
caq	conduct
caqbo	owns
caqche	administrator
caqche	director
caqchuo	controller
caqdao	program
caqfeu	abdicate
caqgıo	traffic.light
caqhe	dominant
caqhupame	keyboard
caqhupapaq	button control
caqjuao	setting
caqme	staff
caqruaq	decrees
caqsoı	rebels against
caqsoıche	rebellious
caqtoaı	instruction
cara	shoots
cara	(agent) shoots
caramy	firearm
caruaı	tzar
caruoq	directly causes
carı	tsar
casaı	energetic
casaı'aı	nutritious
case	process
cası	almost the case
casıao	source
cateleq	Scottish
cateleqgua	Scotland
caı	strong
caıchea	hard hat
caıchoamu	strong
caıduadoa	assures that
caıfuo	impacts
caıfuoduy	gores
caıguaqfurı	earthquake
caıguaı	exercises
caıhıeq	hurls
caıhıo	hails
caıjıo	castle
caıkoy	flexes
caıkoı	strides
caınıao	snow storm
caıreo	brightly colored
caıseaı	liquor
caıseoqtue	storm
caıshıy	becomes foggy
caıtao	uses strength in
caızaq	comes into focus
ce	node
cea	sack
cea	sack
ceabo	marsupial
ceahako	koala
ceahaq	dumpling
ceahua	pouch
ceakea	pocket device
ceanıaı	marsupial
ceaqpueqhe	unguligrade
ceaqpıo	onyx
ceaqtechuo	nail clippers
ceaı	suffers
ceke	iron
celadoa	cellar door
cem	normal
ceme	graph
cemedıu	graph theory
cemeq	cement
ceo	begin
ceocıa	unbegun
ceokıao	entrance
ceoq	electrical
ceoqce	outlet
ceoqchua	nick (nickname)
ceoqchuoı	electric cord
ceoqchuoı	wire
ceoqgıu	wire
ceoqkaıdeoq	e-mails
ceoqkue	e-book
ceoqloha	electrum
ceoqnhoq	electric cord
ceoqpeq	e-mail
ceoqshea	out of battery
ceoqshuo	battery
ceotuao	resumes
ceqbudachuaq	Zen Buddhism
ceqbudısuq	Zen Buddhism
cesa	sizzles
cesanao	sparkling water
cesasha	boils
ceu	breathes
cha	manner
chacha	go.ahead
chahatapoq	Choctaw person
chakachaq	cicada
chakachaqchaq	summer day
chakopakıra	Chacoan peccary
chalaqteı	hiatus.tone
chamu	is a way
chao	vehicle
chaobıa	has motion
chaocaq	drives vehicle
chaoche	chauffeurs
chaochoaq	passenger
chaodoa	ships
chaofa	drives
chaoloaı	some traffic
chaonıe	is aboard
chaoshuo	parking lot
chaotıeq	road
chaq	day
chaqbıe	afternoon
chaqdıaq	occurs daily
chaqgu	two-day period
chaqkue	day calendar
chaqmoa	time of day
chaqnaı	happens today
chaqraomu	time of day
chaqtu	daily
chaqtıa	afternoon
chaqzeo	lime
chaso	tedious
chateıdao	are instructions
chateıkao	are instructions
chatoa	adverb
chatoame	adverbial phrase
chaı	tea
chaıboe	tea leaf
chaıbıo	teacup
chaıheqmy	teapot
chaıkafe	coffee with tea
chaınıu	tea plant
chaıtupa	teapot
chaıtıaq	tea-brown
chaıtıq	heart
chea	hat
chealaı	diacritic
chealıao	mushroom
cheaq	trusty
cheaqchıa	trusts that
cheaqgı	trustworty
cheaqsue	entrusts
cheaqzua	betrays
checu	and
checy	unstably
chedu	tricks
chefuaı	committee
chemegeqjıo	community center
cheo	reciprocally
cheocuoı	and
cheodoa	exchanges
cheohıao	and
cheomudaı	relation
cheoq	bottle
cheoqdepı	Fraser's dolphin
cheosoa	and
cheoteq	barters
cheqbo	s
cheu	deceitfully
chey	tricks
cheychuo	trap
cheycua	falls for trick
cheynhoy	hoax
cheyteoq	trick question
cheı	digit
cheıbea	knuckle
cheıbıo	cup
cheıbıu	ring
cheıpueq	walks
cheıpueqhe	digitigrade
cheıse	finger print
cheısheaq	stands on his
cheısheaqhe	digitigrade
cheıtoq	nail
cho	like
choa	utter
choaboq	consonant
choachuo	microphone
choadedıu	phonaesthetics
choadeoq	talk
choafua	podium
choahua	udder
choakao	voice recording
choakuq	says vocally
choakuqse	voice message
choalaq	voice
choapoa	consonant
choaq	guest
choaqchao	taxi
choaqdoa	hospitable
choaqfa	visits
choaqgı	welcome
choaqhuı	unwelcome
choaqhıo	welcomes
choaqhıo	welcomes
choaqjuq	has guest(s)
choaqjıo	hotel
choaqsheı	is welcome
choaqsue	invites
choaqtao	pays a visit
choarıa	vowel
choase	utterance
choasıa	says nothing
choasıa	say.nothing.
choateı	pronunciation
choatoaı	phone
choatoaıdıu	phonetics
choazu	spoken language
choaı	cost
choaıcıa	free
choaıjaq	expensive
choaıne	price
choaınuı	cheap
choaısao	expensive
choaısoq	extravagant
choaısıa	free
choaıtuao	cheap
chochı	chip
chodıe	recommends
choe	until
chofaı	has common
chogıq	dislikes
choha	base
choha'aı	basic
choko	chocolate
chokokafe	caffe mocha
chokola	chocolate
chokopıehaq	cocoa
chokuaq	"likes"
choleı	has niche
cholıbo	cushioned
cholıchuo	cushion
cholımy	cushion
cholırıaı	cushions
chom	insect
chome	insect
chome	insect
chomehako	sloth bear
chomeheq	infested
chomesuhulıq	aardwolf
chomıa	popular
choq	use
choq	uses
choqcha	is done using
choqchua	username
choqdo	Cheondoist
choqdıe	offers tool
choqgeo	worn
choqgı	useful
choqhuı	useless
choqkıu	available
choqkıu	usable
choqmuı	is the intent
choqmy	gadget
choqmıa	versatile
choqnıu	herb
choqshea	goes unused
choqteı	frontend
choqtuaı	doll
choqtıao	usable
chosheı	accepting
chosoq	favourite
chotaq	likes themselves
chouteı	usage
choı	sharp
choıbeq	thorn
choıbeqlaı	letter Þ
choıceaq	claw
choıceaqjo	paw
choıdea	(agentive) stabs
choıgoaı	scratches
choıgıu	sharp edge
choıhua	thorn
choıhıao	stings
choıjıusaı	is
choınıoq	canine teeth
choıpeo	pierces
choıpoaızeo	cranberry berry
choıpıo	diamond
choısaosa	hot sauce
choısaı	acid
choıshoaısıu	bird of prey
choısoe	acid
chu	middle
chua	name
chuabo	is called
chuaboe	name tag
chuachoq	assigns name
chuachoq	uses name
chuachoqhe	always uses name
chuacıa	nameless
chuadoa	name
chuadua	knows by name
chuajoe	has title
chuakaı	signs
chualuı	expired name
chuao	window
chuaohıeq	throws
chuaotoq	window ledge
chuaotıe	window.cover
chuaq	ism
chuaqbeo	revolutionizes
chuaqfuaı	committee
chuaqmıu	classifies
chuasıa	nameless
chuasıagıqtua	doxxes
chuataq	calls themselves
chuaı	frozen
chuaıcake	sorbet
chuaıduao	frozen dessert
chuaıdıa	thaws
chuaıhıao	ice-burns
chuaıkea	freezer
chuaıketo	bowhead whale
chuaımy	(a) solid
chuaınao	ice
chuaınaopoke	harp seal
chuaınoaı	custard
chuaıruq	hail
chuaıruqshua	hail
chuchua	middle name
chucuao	limb
chue	train
chuebaı	chains together
chuece	train.station
chuechao	train
chuechue	choo-choo train
chuefa	follows
chuekıq	movie episode
chuelua	episodic story
chuepatı	procession
chuetao	does things
chuetıeq	railway
chufaqkuq	interrupts
chuge	sexual
chugua	China
chuhaq	lunch
chujıurıoq	intersex
chukuq	mediates between
chumoalaı	interpunct
chunı	lewd
chunıcholeı	has a fetish
chunıde	sexy
chunıhuı	perverted
chunımoe	horny
chuo	tool
chuocha	is done using
chuodoedoa	turns
chuomıa	versatile
chuotıaı	toolbox
chuoı	thread
chuoıcoe	fastened
chuoıfurı	swings
chuoınhuo	filter, sieve
chuoınıu	vine
chuoısaı	fibre
chupaq	middle
chupoe	kinky
chuq	eat
chuqbeaq	chopsticks
chuqcheı	chopstick
chuqchuo	cutlery
chuqchuosıqkea	dishwasher
chuqdoa	gives food
chuqfurı	has bulimia
chuqguao	fork
chuqguaokenobo	marsh deer
chuqgı	edible
chuqhuame	digestive system
chuqjearıaq	restaurant
chuqjeoq	spoon
chuqjuao	diet
chuqkua	dining room
chuqkuaı	hungry
chuqnıu	vegetable
chuqroe	healthy to eat
chuqrıeq	fasts
chuqsao	fat
chuqsheq	table knife
chuqtıao	edible
churıohua	diaphragm
churıoq	is a hybrid
churıqkea	Turing machine
churıqkeajeq	Turing-complete
chutı	in the middle
chuzu	Chinese language
chuı	early
chuıchuq	eats breakfast
chuıduse	first impression
chuıguı	breakfast cereal
chuıhaq	breakfast
chuılıo	north
chuılıotı	to the north
chuım	brush
chuırıao	dawn
chyreıq	TR-affrication
chı	believe
chı(jıo)joaq	priest
chıa	need
chıapoaı	chia seeds
chıaq	aware
chıaqbıa	sentient
chıaqduı	hypervigilant
chıaqdıeq	notifies
chıaqgaı	intuits
chıaqhe	personality
chıaqhua	mind
chıaqlıaq	plural system
chıaqme	plural system
chıaqrue	not very aware
chıaqsea	meditates
chıaqsho	notices
chıaqtı	conscious
chıaı	wrong
chıaıchua	pseudonym
chıaıgaı	hallucinates
chıaıgaıno	synaesthetic
chıaıjıao	false god
chıaımıutua	misinforms
chıaınoaq	misreads
chıaıretao	recovers
chıaıruaq	states falsity
chıaıtao	err
chıaıtaosı	careful
chıaıtaq	paradox
chıbu	delusion
chıchedu	fools
chıchey	fools
chıcheykuq	lies in saying
chıchı	chirp-chirp bird
chıchıaı	falsely believes
chıcıa	skeptical
chıduı	naive
chıdıe	suggests
chıe	learn
chıecha	learns
chıeche	learner
chıechefuaı	student council
chıechekata	student ID card
chıecheme	school
chıecoaq	tame
chıedoaq	campus
chıedoasue	enrolls in
chıeduqse	class
chıefuaı	learning
chıefıuq	school
chıeguaı	ıs a scholar
chıeguo	lesson
chıejıo	school
chıekata	flashcard
chıekua	classroom
chıekue	textbook
chıeme	class
chıemegaq	classmate
chıenoı	homework
chıenıq	beginner
chıepeloq	grade
chıeq	cross
chıeq	intersects
chıeqdao	hashtag
chıeqdoa	shares
chıeqduy	moves across
chıeqfa	cross
chıeqgao	is over
chıeqgaıno	has synesthesia
chıeqgaıno	synesthetic
chıeqteı	cross
chıeqtıeq	crossroad
chıetao	studies
chıetoaı	lesson
chıetua	teach
chıetuache	teacher
chıfa	chip
chıfuı	docile
chıfıuq	Church
chıgı	tenable belief
chıjuq	picks up
chıjıo	temple
chıkenueq	chicken wing
chıkola	chocolate
chılua	myth
chıluajıq	mythical
chımuo	certain
chınoa	unbelievable
chıo	repeat
chıobo	repetitive
chıokaodoakıubulureıfeoq	BD-RE
chıokaodoakıudıbıdı	DVD-RW
chıokaodoakıusıdı	CD-RW
chıqchuq	insectivorous
chıqshıqhua	antennae
chırala	hog deer
chıro	damn
chırıeq	critical
chıse	belief
chıshuaı	naive
chısıa	skeptic
chısıa	skeptical
chısıahe	skeptic
chıtao	remembers to do
chıtaobu	forgets to do
chıtoı	manipulates
chıtu	naive
chıtuafuı	naive
chıtuafuı	gullible
chıu	address
chıu'aba	Chihuahua
coa	bridge
coachuao	underpass
coaq	tamed
coaq'alıu	garlic
coaqbarıqcı	rice
coaqchıeluı	tame
coaqkune	domestic dog
coaqluko	dog
coaqmusela	domestic ferret
coe	joined
coebuı	offline
coeguboe	blister pack
coegıa	adhesive tape
coegıu	seam
coejeo	inalienably
coeke	button
coele	sticky
coeleduao	gum
coeme	structure
coemuo	connected
coepeq	sticky note
coepotısa	slime mold
coesaı	glue
coese	is
coetano	clay
coetoa	affix
coetua	join
coetıe	seals
coezo	pin
coezy	glue
cokı	institution
coq	representation
coqjıe	is deemed to be
cotoa	quantifier
coubuaq	fails person
coushatatoaq	Coushatta
coutao	addresses
coutaı	fulfils
cua	respond
cuaboq	mutes
cuabıa	has trauma
cuage	triggers
cuakaı	writes response
cuakuq	respond
cuakuqse	response
cuamoe	relates to
cuao	beyond
cuaodıu	(a) metaphysics
cuaojıqzıu	hyperreal number
cuaonaq	transgender man
cuaq	concept
cuaq	is the property
cuaqbo	contentive
cuaqchue	serial predicate
cuaqcıa	particle
cuaqdıu	theory
cuaqfıeq	derives compound
cuaqke	is a specific
cuaqko	fills in the
cuaqkotoa	noun
cuaqkueqse	compound concept
cuaqkueqtoaı	primitive
cuaqluaq	plays game
cuaqmaı	fan
cuaqmuıbo	verb
cuaqpıe	raises a toast
cuaqraı	abstract
cuaqsao	huge
cuaqtao	celebrates
cuaqtue	event
cuase	response
cuaı	wet
cuaı	wet
cuaıcey	sniffles
cuaıchoatoaı	liquid
cuaıguaq	swamp
cuaıheq	is wet
cuaılaq	liquid consonant
cuaılaq	liquid
cuaıshıqhua	rhinarium
cuaıtue	flood
cucujı	azalea
cue	reign
cueche	politician
cuecheme	political party
cuedıu	politics
cuefuaı	government
cuejoaq	ruler
cuekoeguo	election
cuekoy	talks
cueluaq	doms
cueme	state
cueq	public
cueqsoaq	park
cuesoı	defiant
cuesoı	a rebel
cuesıachuaq	anarchism
cuesıame	anarchy
cuetaq	sovereign
cueteı	polity
cuga	hemlock tree
cuhybıa	has asthma
cukı	nods
cula	is an image
cunamı	tsunami
cuo	assume
cuokeo	real
cuoı	and
cuoı	satisfy.relation
cuoımy	binary relation
cuoısoq	satisfies with
cupı	mucosa
cuq	leaves
cuqdere	tsundere
cuse	spit
cutao	spit
cutaq	with
cutua	satisfies with
cuı	magenta
cuıkıa	colour rose
cuıkıa	of color
cuıq	profane
cyhyduohua	diaphragm
cyhyrıo	oxygen
cysao	large number
cyse	spit
cytao	spits
cı	six
cıa	lack
cıakuq	omits
cıaluq	at peace
cıamoe	feels empty
cıane	zero amount
cıanhe	has zero extent
cıaodua	has cultural
cıaojeo	culturally true
cıaolu	is a cultural
cıcı'a	cringes
cıe	fish
cıebeaq	fishing rod
cıebıu	sushi
cıeche	fisherman
cıechome	silverfish
cıechuq	pescatarian
cıeduy	wriggles
cıejuku	fishing
cıejuku	fishes
cıejıaıgue	fishing hook
cıereq	merfolk
cıetuo	Water Moccasin
cıfujuao	Zipf's law
cıjue	June
cıjueko	Juneteenth
cıjıeq	hexagone
cıjıeq	hexagon
cıkata	six
cıko	sixth
cılaqteı	sixth tone
cım	dislikes
cıo	adolescent
cıobeo	goes through
cıodaq	puberty
cıokoaq	young adult
cıolıq	adolescent girl
cıonaq	adolescent boy
cıoq	button
cıoqnhuo	panel
cıoqtoq	control panel
cıqpeqjı	chimpanzee
cıry	chain
cırı	chain
cıseı	shills
cıtoq	cube
cıu	excrete
cıudoe	exhausts
cıugıq	absorbs
cıurıaq	toilet
cıuse	excretion
dada	chest
dakı	forehead
dalatoq	dalton
dalaı	assertion.mark
dama	is apt
dame	dame
dana	defeats
dana	defeat
dao	information
daobaq	file
daobeoq	USB stick
daochue	is an array
daochıu	is an address
daocoe	is a label
daodo	informs
daodoa	submits
daodoa	submits the data
daofeoq	hard disk
daofeoqme	hard drive
daofoq	smartphone
daogaı	has perception
daojaolaq	smartphone
daojuao	logic
daojuaodıu	study
daojuq	accesses
daojuqkıu	accessible
daojıoqdıu	computer science
daokaodaı	Caodaist
daokaı	inputs data
daokaıchuo	input device
daokea	computer
daokoko	Taoist
daomıeq	checks
daoraq	links
daosue	wants to know
daosı	interested
daosıca	interests
daoteı	file format
daoteıdıu	statistics
daotoaı	word
daotoq	table
daozu	data format
dapa	hand palm
dapapueqhe	plantigrade
dapasheaqhe	plantigrade
daq	time
daqboe	wall clock
daqbıo	hourglass
daqchuq	chronophage
daqchıu	time address
daqchıu	time.address
daqdeaı	worthwhile
daqdekı	timer
daqduaı	due
daqfa	time-travels
daqfao	temporal.end
daqfıa	previous
daqgoa	spacetime
daqguaı	works full-time
daqguo	time
daqgı	is
daqgıa	time zone
daqhe	usually the case
daqjao	temporally far
daqjeqme	state
daqjuı	temporally close
daqkea	clock
daqko	is the
daqlıa	timeless
daqme	time period
daqmeoq	happens slowly
daqmoa	moment
daqmıeqchuo	timer
daqmıq	eternal
daqmıqbu	temporary
daqmıqgıq	temporary
daqmıqjeo	universally true
daqne	amount of time
daqne	duration
daqnuı	short in time
daqpaq	temporal slice
daqpuı	happens often
daqrea	deadline
daqrıaq	period of time
daqsao	long in time
daqsheı	has free time
daqsheı	free
daqsheıbo	has free time
daqshıkogıq	is, among
daqsuaı	happens quickly
daqsıe	following
daragoq	dragon
daruma	snowman
dasho	me
datoa	illocution
dazı	Druze
daı	possible
daıchı	hope
daımono	demon
daımoı	imagines
daısıo	idea
daısıu	plausible
de	beautiful
dea	hit
deabuaq	misses
deachu	target
deagıaq	banger
deakaı	types text
dealaq	tap
deaq	floor
deaqfuq	rug
deaqkoı	crawl
deaqkıao	trapdoorway
deaqkıaotoq	trapdoor
deaqkıaq	carpet
deaqme	stairs
deaqnhuo	stairs
deaqsha	lands
deaqtıq	floor tile
deaı	worth
deaıdoa	gives reward
deaıhıo	recognizes
deaıjuq	gets reward
deaıne	status
debıo	vase
decha	happens
dechey	charms
dechuo	ornament
dedo	decorate
dedoa	beautifies
deduo	dances
deduy	dances
dehea	pendant
dehea	piece of jewelry
dekaı	calligraphs
dekuq	declaims
dekuqse	poem
delua	poem
dem	pushes
demeo	beautifully sad
demeoca	beautifully sad
demy	decoration
denımy	denim
deo	child
deochaq	Children's Day
deokıaıpoq	nanny
deoq	communicate
deoq	communicate
deoq	tells
deoqchuaq	society
deoqkoy	uses
deoqpeq	letter
deoqrıaq	chatroom
deoqtea	shy, reserved
depaq	ornament
depı	common dolphin
depıo	gem
depısıu	oceanic dolphin
deq	able
deqbo	has skill
deqcaı	powerful
deqcaı	mighty
deqchıe	learns the skill
deqcıa	disabled
deqcıatıao	accessible
deqkuaqsue	challenges
deqmıq	omnipotent
deqne	ability
dere	is obsessed with
derepoq	nerd
desaı	makeup
desaıbo	wears
desaıcıa	wears
desaıteı	is the makeup on
desıbele	decibel
deto	fetus
detoa	poetry
detoache	poet
detuasaı	make-up
deza	messy mess
do	give
doa	gives
doacheo	gives
doachıu	array index
doagı	generous
doahuı	ungenerous
doajuoq	owes property
doakata	pre-paid
doaq	settlement
doaqbua	inhabits town
doaqcokı	city government
doaqgoeq	fortification
doaqpaq	district
doaraotı	was at
doashoe	accepts
doasoa	donates
doasıaıbıu	artery
doatao	devotes
doateaı	(being) stingy
doaıbıu	loaf of bread
doaıtoq	breadboard
doe	function
doecıa	useless
doegaq	partner
doegoı	repairs
doegıtua	fixes
doehua	organ
doejeaq	enhances
doekao	program
doekaıche	programmer
doeme	system
doemıatoa	contentive word
doemıeq	tests if
doepaq	component
doeshe	does
doetoa	particle
doetua	turns on
doezua	turns off
dohe	replaces
doje	enhances
dojo	dojo
dojuq	receives
doka	hits
dola	one dollar
dolom	drum
dom	inactive
domu	is busy
donata	donut
doq	short
doqbıdeo(DBD)	GIF
doqbıu	ring
doqhey	abbreviation
doqhuoıpoke	crabeater seal
doqjoq	dungeon
doqkopı	summary
doqmuı	concise
doqnuo	naps
doqshaı	interrupts
doqte	abbreviation
doqzobo	shorts
dote	present
doı	respect
doıche'ıum	germanium
doıdeaı	has dignity
doıdoı	mimics
doıgıq	despises
doıjaq	admires
doıjı	has face
doımumıa	respected
doımıa	renowned
doıpuı	renowned
doısıeq	reveres
doıtaq	has self-esteem
doıtıao	esteemable
doıtıao	honors
du	seem
dua	know
duachıe	learn
duachıo	recap
duadıu	epistemology
duafa	explores
duafaı	widely
duafuı	obvious
duafuısıa	mystery
duagı	wise
duagı	wise
duagıkuqse	proverb
duahuı	foolish
duahuı	foolish
duahuıpoq	fool
duahıaq	uneducated
duajaq	certain
duajua	mysterious
duakuaı	knowledge-lust
duamaı	philosopher
duamuo	certain
duao	sweet
duaoboe	cookie
duaobıu	donut
duaocea	pie
duaochaı	sweet tea
duaoduaoreı	donut
duaofaseo	jelly bean
duaohaq	dessert
duaohea	candy
duaoloha	is
duaomara	cotton candy
duaomuoıhaq	donut
duaonıu	sugarcane
duaopuao	cotton candy
duaopuo	sugar
duaopıma	bell pepper
duaoreı	donut
duaosaı	sugar
duaoze	soft.drink
duaroa	intuits
duashao	wonder
duasho	find.out
duasuao	important
duasue	ask
duasuq	you-know-what
duasıa	unknown
duatuataq	tells
duatuatoeq	passes down onto
duaı	must be the case
duaıdao	tautology
duaıdaotaı	proves that
duaıse	chore
dubo	typhus
due	correct
duedaq	punctual
duehea	hint
duemıu	is right in his
dueq	field
dueqchao	tractor
dueseı	mathematical
duetıao	answers
dufaq	phenomenon
dufuq	disguise
dugaı	takes
dujıq	virtual
dula	doula
duo	continue
duo	continue
duoboq	blocks
duocaheq	stiff
duocaheqcıa	lax
duocanoa	has impetus
duodeaq	vehicle
duodıe	insists on
duogoı	nurses
duohuame	muscular system
duokea	robot
duokea	motor
duolaı	arrow
duomuoq	fluid
duoshaı	stops moving
duosuaı	fast
duotaq	vibrates
duotaqkea	vibrator
duotoaq	sign language
duoı	gestures with
duoıjuı	lasts
duq	habitually
duqgıao	has drought
duqkuaı	craves
duqse	habit
duru	larva
dutao	feigns
duy	moves
duybo	displaced
duyde	graceful
duyfıe	clumsy
duygoı	rehabilitates
duyhua	muscle
duykoy	gestures
duykuq	signs
duylaı	gesture
duzoaıge	unconvincing
duı	too.much
duıbokuaı	greedy
duıbokuaı	greedy
duıcharuaq	Gish-gallops
duıdoa	overwhelms
duıge	overstimulating
duıgegaı	overstimulated
duıgıq	not enough
duıhıoq	cocky
duıjuo	spam
duıme	is too much
duıpaq	excessive part
duıruq	rainfall flood
dı	may be the case
dıa	decrease
dıabuchuo	ratchet
dıao	drop
dıao	drop
dıaokua	toilet room.
dıaopıo	dripstone
dıaq	regular
dıaq	regular
dıaqkao	diary
dıaqkue	journal
dıaı	seven
dıaıjue	July
dıaıkata	seven
dıaıko	seventh
dıaılaqteı	seventh tone
dıaıpeoq	nitrogen
dıba	replaces
dıbu	disallowed
dıbutı	trespasses
dıbıdı	DVD
dıe	suggest
dıecaq	pressures
dıechoaı	costs
dıedoa	advises
dıekuq	suggests
dıeq	send
dıeqboqgıq	connection
dıeqce	server
dıeqchıu	web
dıeqdeqse	is connectivity
dıeqdoa	uploads
dıeqdıe	links
dıeqjıo	post office
dıeqme	internet
dıeqmy	packet
dıeqne	is the size
dıeqnua	downloads
dıeqrıaq	accessible from
dıesoı	argues with
dıetaq	volunteer
dıetaı	convinces
dıgıq	disallowed
dıkıdıkı	dik-dik
dıo	daytime
dıochu	noon
dıochubıe	afternoon
dıochuchuq	eats lunch
dıochuhaq	lunch
dıodıa	afternoon
dıofao	evening
dıojeaq	morning
dıonuo	naps
dıonuısoq	winter solstice
dıorıpıo	diorite
dıosoqchaq	summer solstice
dıosuıchaq	winter solstice
dıosıao	morning
dıosıaofuq	morning gown
dıou	sugar
dıq	corner
dıqbo	wrinkled
dıqcıa	smooth
dıqdoa	bends
dıqgoa	corner
dıqmuoq	coarse, brusque
dıqmıa	rough, bumpy
dıqmıasuhu	warthog
dıqmınu	arcminute
dıqne	degree.of.arc
dıqnhuochao	articulated bus
dıqsaq	triangle
dıqsekuq	arcsecond
dıu	science
dıuche	scientist
dıuche	researcher
dıucuaq	theory
dıuse	research
dıusı	analyzes
dıyq	colour pink
eajıaq	imaginary world
ealua	fiction
eamoı	imagines
ebı	prawn
echa	clown
echı	key
ecogeq	estrogen
ego	self-image
eju	s.see
eku	equine
eku	equine
ekuchuoı	whip
ekujıo	stable
ekukoı	trots
ekıde	Euclidean
elabo	red deer
eleme	elm tree
eloa	gold
eloakune	maned wolf
eloareo	gold-colored
eloatoejı	Cape golden mole
eloatoejısıu	golden mole
elu	elephant
elu	elephant
embı	nonbinary
emojı	emoji
enı	here
eo	(ignoring
eoropa	Europe
epı	hooray
epımoe	excited
eq	is an instance
eq	is
eqbı	nonbinary
eqkuq	letter Q
erıq	ıs me
esa	10¹⁸ in number
esa	exa
esagı	rocks
eserojeq	estrogen
eso	pike
ezuı	(the abstract
eı	plays role
eı'eıchı	letter Eı
eıchı	ant
eımy	role
fa	go
facaq	leads
facha	is a way
fafa	pursues
fafuaq	movie
fafuaqjıo	cinema
fafuaqkea	camera
fafıa	leads
fagaq	goes with
fahaq	take-out
faheqchuo	luggage
fajeo	piece of trivia
fajuı	passes
fakea	robot
fakıu	reachable
falafeo	falafel
falanuka	falanouc
falanukasıu	euplerid
fama	famous
famamaı	fan
fana	towards
fanılapaq	vanilla extract
fao	end
faocıa	eternal
faojıaq	collapsing
faq	happen
faqdekı	alarm
faqgıq	unhappens
faqjuı	on the brink
faqtoa	verb
faqtoame	verb phrase
faqtoany	verb complex
farada	farad
fareı	encircles
fase	trip
faseo	bean
faseodashı	bean paste
fashaı	stops
fashaıchuo	brakes
fashaıjuı	leaves behind
fashıchuaq	fascism
fası	faces towards
fasıao	origin
fasıe	follows
fasıu	follows
fatao	runs errand
fatoı	moves towards
faı	common
faı	frequent
faıbeta	common beet
faıgedejoq	barley
faıgodeoq	barley
faıgydejoq	barley
faıjı	earliest element
faılıao	common
faımuı	common
faıne	frequency
faıpoq	normal person
faıpy	normal person
faıraq	vandal
faırıoq	is mainstream
faıteı	canonical
faıteıhey	canonical form
faızu	Mandarin Chinese
fe	five
fea	endure
feahuaq	outlives
feamy	residue
feao	feels distress
feaojua	eerie
feaolao	dreads
feaomoaq	has flashback
feaotoı	harasses
feaq	rice
febakoy	commands
febakoy	commands
fecıe	sea star
feguguı	5G
fejue	May
fejue	May
fejı	clairvoyant
fejıeq	pentagone
fejıeq	pentagon
fejınoaq	mind-reads
fekata	five
feko	fifth
felaqteı	fifth tone
felegyreıdueq	Flegrean Fields
fenusı	ex forma
feo	direction
feobo	faces direction
feoca	is directed at
feocaq	advises
feochuo	compass
feoduo	moves towards
feojeq	parallel
feojeqcıa	perpendicular
feojeqgıq	perpendicular
feomıeq	navigates
feoq	circular
feoqcake	cookie
feoqkahu	ringtail
feotua	directs
feqnoaq	reads the room
fetıq	pentomino
feu	disown
fey	solid
fey	feels stressed
feyjaı	excited
feyjoaısı	(hyper)vigilant
feı	angry
feıjaq	furious
feıkuaı	irascible
feıloq	boiling
feıluaq	bully
feılı	fairy
feımeo	sulks
feırıome	wind storm
feıseoq	storm
foa	feel
foa	feels
foajeo	"rings true"
foaq	comfortable
foaqfua	cushion
foaqfuı	convenient
foaqgı	comfortable
foaqhuı	uncomfortable
foaqjaı	is satisfied
foatıao	is in the right
foazameme	vibe checks
foaı	is a detail of
foaı'ıdeı	detail-panics
foaısıduı	is petty about
foka	vodka
fokeı	feels okay
fomo	strict
foq	phone
foqlaq	ringtone
foqpaı	contact
foqsue	phones
forıqsaı	is
foso	you
fosofora	phosphorus
fosoforo	phosphorus
foto	photo
fotoche	photographer
fotolea	photography
fou	by.the.way
foı	bored
foıca	boring
foıfaı	cliché
foımoe	bored
fu	offspring
fu	child
fua	furniture
fuaq	picture
fuaq	image
fuaqfıeq	creates
fuaqheq	picture frame
fuaqkaı	draw
fuaqkea	camera
fuaqkue	illustrated book
fuaqmu	world
fuaqmuoq	paint
fuaqnuoqchuo	mirror
fuaqse	sight
fuaqtao	takes a photo
fuaqtaotaq	takes a selfie
fuaqtuaı	image
fuaı	committee
fuaıjoaq	chairperson
fuaılaı	branding
fuaımea	member
fubu	dives
fubuche	typical duiker
fubupu	dove
fue	hundred
fufu	grandchild
fufufu	grand-grandchild
fukıoq	egg
fuluo	fluorine
fumefıtı	hog-nosed skunk
fumeme	generation
fuo	touch
fuocaı	hard
fuochoq	with
fuocoe	adheres, sticks
fuofuaq	print
fuofuaqkea	printer
fuoke	fidgets with
fuokuaı	touch-starved
fuq	clothing
fuqcea	pocket
fuqcıa	naked
fuqguepaqnuachuo	iron
fuqheq	dresser
fuqluao	collar
fuqluaıche	clown
fuqme	set of clothes
fuqrıaı	clothes hanger
fuqrıaı	clothes hanger
fuqsaı	cloth
fuqsaıchuo	loom
fuqtıaoche	tailor
fuqtıaı	drawer
furı	oscillates
furınuofua	hammock
furısa	voiced
furısıa	voiceless
furıtuoq	pendulum
furıtuıfua	rocking chair
fusu	fossa
fuı	easy
fyfy	oh no
fıa	previous
fıaho	him
fıakaıse	foreword
fıamaq	it
fıamaq	it
fıasoq	primate
fıchoılaı	letter V
fıe	ugly
fıeq	create
fıeqjoe	creative
fıeqkuaı	inspired
fıeqkuaıge	inspires
fıeqkuı	is an
fıeqno	canvas
fıeqnıeq	uncreative
fıeqse	creation
fıete	hits on
fıkuzeo	fig fruit
fımeteı	nominative case
fıo	colour beige
fısoq	is up next
fıu	shallow
fıunuo	sleeps lightly
fıutoe	notches
fıutoe	notches
ga'achaq	Earth Day
ga'achuaq	environmentalism
ga'akıoq	globe
gace	feels itchy
gafıo	superficial
gaja	planet earth
gajachuaq	environmentalism
gajakıoq	globe
gale	teaches
galese	is a school
galeı	edible dormouse
galıum	gallium
gam	cuboid
gamaly	camel
gamalysıu	camelid
ganagaora	Gangaur
gane	chalk
ganechuo	stick of chalk
gao	above
gaodeaq	ceiling
gaodıaopıo	stalactite
gaofeo	direction “up”
gaofuo	on top
gaogureq	adrenal gland
gaojeaq	rises
gaojıqzıu	surreal number
gaokoı	climb
gaokoıchuo	ladder
gaokoıfua	stairway
gaokoınıaı	tree shrew
gaopaq	top
gaorea	upper surface
gaoshıaq	upper leg
gaozıu	positive number
gaq	accompany
gaqbıa	feels lonely
gaqcıa	alone
gaqcıa	alone
gaqcıamoe	feels lonely
gaqdaka	sulfur
gaqdoa	shares with
gaqguru	kangaroo
gaqguru	kangaroo
gaqgurugua	Australia
gaqhaq	side dish
gaqjuı	accompanies
gaqkoe	includes
gaqme	community
gaqme	is a group
gaqme	is a group
gaqnua	takes
gaqnuao	synapsid
gaqsy	goose
gaqsyrua	daisy
gaqsıa	alone
gaqsıahe	solitary
gaqtao	takes part in
gara	stomach
garabıa	feels nauseous
garaluce	gastric ulcer
garam	gram
garam	gram
garapue	gastropod
garapuekato	slug-cat
garu	combs
garuchuo	comb
gate	solid
gazala	typical gazelle
gaı	perceive
gaıboq	covers up
gaıbıoı	gets spotted
gaıca	induces in
gaıchıaı	halluciates
gaıcıa	numb
gaıgıu	nerve
gaıgıume	nervous system
gaıhua	sensory organ
gaıjuq	audience
gaıkoy	acknowledges
gaıkuq	relates
gaıkıu	perceptible
gaıkıubu	imperceptible
gaımuochaq	Bodhi Day
gaımuomuo	enlightened
gaınoa	hard to perceive
gaınose	sensory modality
gaıpua	enjoy
gaıraq	perceptual
gaıse	perception
gaıshuı	hidden
gaıshıe	conscious
ge	stimulus
ge	stimulus
gea	high
geachua	caption
geafa	ascends
geahoefeo	oriented
geajeaqkea	lift
geameı	mountain
geanua	lift
geaq	dirty
geaqsaınao	mud
geaqzeo	vegetable
gearı	tower
gearıkoꝡam	clock tower
geatıaı	elevator
gecaı	vivid
gefeao	overstimulated
gegaı	has perception
gegaı	has perception
gegege	overstimulated
gegu	cartilage
gehıaq	dull
gekuaı	sensory-deprived
gekuaıtoı	fidgets with
gelı	bile
gem	happens with
gemanıum	germanium
gemuaq	desensitized
gemıa	bright
geneta	genet
genolaı	gene
genome	genome
geo	old
geo'aı	archaic
geobıa	senecent
geochua	deadname
geoduatua	makes
geodıo	afternoon
geodıu	archaeology
geomanıumu	germanium
geone	age
geopoq	old
geotoaq	proto-Toaqic
geoı	rolls
geq	meet
geqcho	likes
geqfa	meet up
geqkoyrıaq	forum
geqkuaı	miss
geqme	congress
geqry	gingery
geqsoa	introduces
geqsıa	alone
gere	hedgehog
gereba	crawfish
gereı	gray
gero	crane
gerou	crane
gerozeo	cranberry
gerue	faint
gerymanıumy	germanium
gesuoı	striking
getea	fears
getuq	hyperfixates on
geu	is
geı	wear
geıbeo	changes clothes
geıcıa	naked
geıdutao	dresses up as
geıfao	outerwear
geınua	takes clothing
geıse	outfit
geısıa	naked
geısıao	underwear
goa	space
goachoq	uses
goadıu	geometry
goafaı	widespread
goafuaq	sculpture
goajao	far
goajaq	voluminous
goajeaq	spreads out
goamoa	point in space
goamıq	ubiquitous
goane	volume
goanuaı	physical money
goanuı	spatially small
goaq	smooth
goaqchoacha	breathy
goaqgoaı	polishes
goara	roars
goaraı	physical thing
goasao	spatially big
goashea	void
goateı	spatial
goaı	rub
goaıboe	tissue
goaıca	rub
goaıcıaduy	slithers
goaıfuq	towel
goaıgoaq	slippery
goaıkaı	scrapes
goaınua	abrades
goaınua	abrades material
goaınua	wears
goaınua	scrapes
goaıpıo	grindstone
goaıse	friction
goaısıaduo	slips
goaıtua	rub
goaızeo	berry
godoı	pika
goe	in
goeq	wall
goeqboe	curtain
goeqche	mason
goeqdıu	masonry
goeqlaı	number sign
goeqlea	mural
goeqpeq	wallpaper
goeqpoe	separated
goeqtoaı	brick
goeqtıesaı	plaster
gohoshao	propositions
golaq	golem
golofe	golf
gom	err
gometeı	accusative case
gomo	government
goqfe	golf
gorılaı	gorilla
gorılaı	gorilla
goso	chicken
gosokubo	chicken egg
gosonage	chicken nugget
gosonagete	chicken nugget
gosonueq	chicken meat
gosopoaı	chicken egg
gososhoaınueq	chicken wing
goutıao	and
goı	treat
goı	treats
goıchoq	takes medication
goıdıu	medicine
goımuo	cures
goınuo	under narcosis
goıpoaı	medicine pill
goısaı	medicine
goısaı	medicine
goısaıche	pharmacist
goısaıshuo	pharmacy
goıshue	hospitalized
goısoarıaq	nurse's office
goısı	examines
goıtaı	cures
goıtoaı	pill
goıtoaıkua	pill organizer
goıtoı	treats
gu	two
gu'aı	split
gua	country
guabua	inhabits country
guache	monarch
guao	furcation
guaotuaq	pronghorn
guaotuaqsıu	pronghorn
guaq	land
guaqbeodıu	geology
guaqbeotua	terraforms
guaqbo	has territory
guaqbueche	aboriginal of
guaqdeaq	ground
guaqdıu	topography
guaqdıu	geography
guaqdıuche	geographer
guaqfuaq	map
guaqfuaqche	cartographer
guaqfurıdıu	seismology
guaqguaı	farmer
guaqguqnıefa	chimpanzee
guaqgıaıchuo	hoe
guaqhuaı	digs
guaqjeoq	cave
guaqkuoq	stone
guaqkıaq	grass
guaqlabı	true chameleon
guaqlabı'aı	chameleon
guaqlabısıu	chameleon
guaqleoq(tao)kuaı	territorial
guaqmuoq	ceramic
guaqmıq	continent
guaqnao	lake
guaqnueq	stomach
guaqnulı	crude oil
guaqnıejeoq	cave or cavern
guaqpuao	sea of clouds
guaqsaı	soil
guaqsaımuoq	earthen
guaqshamu	potato
guaqteıdıu	geomorphology
guaqteıdıu	topography
guaqtoe	plows
guaqtoq	tectonic plate
guaqzeo	tuber
guaqzu	Polish language
guaseachaq	national holiday
guasoı	is at war with
guasıao	origin nation
guaı	work
guaı	work
guaıchaq	weekday
guaıdaq	work-time
guaıduo	work shift
guaıduıbıa	burnt out
guaıgaq	co-worker
guaıguo	task
guaıhua	muscle
guaıjea	hires
guaıjıoqkea	work computer
guaıkua	office
guaıleo	tries hard to do
guaıleo	focuses on task
guaıleoq	lazy
guaıme	organization
guaımechuaq	communism
guaıpaqme	project
guaırıaq	workplace
guaırıeq	puts off
guaıse	work
guaıshaı	labor.strike
guaıtoqfua	workbench
guaıtıgaq	body-doubles
gubu	and
gubu	odd in number
gubutu	zero or one
gubuı	nonbinary
gucheımuq	shows the V sign
guchıo	twice
gue	curved
guedaı	flexible
guedaıbu	stiff
guekaı	writes
guekuaı	malleable
guele	gland
guelo	wolverine
guepoaqle	brittle
guesheaq	kneels
guesheaq	leans
gueteı	bend
guezueq	warped
gugunobı	AFAB
guheı	twenty in number
guheıcıpeoq	iron
guhuaq	more related
guja	is the relation
gujeo	and
gujeo	and
gujeqda	bigender
gujey	bigender
gujue	February
gukata	two
guko	second
gukojuju	double-jumps
gulaq	gland
gulaqteı	second tone
guluao	bilabial
guluaqmu	two-player game
gulueq	serves
gulıaq	pair
gumıe	amphibian
gumıedaosaı	DNA
gunu	gnu
guo	instance
guobe	cattle
guobe	cattle
guobekaro	muskox
guobenoaı	cow's milk
guobenueq	beef
guobesıu	bovid
guobo	pattern
guobo	is a form
guojuaq	happens *again*
guoko	is the
guola	wolverine
guom	wall
guomkoꝡam	wall clock
guonıq	new
guoq	anus
guoqpoq	asshole
guoraq	specific
guosa	sometimes
guoso	cattle
guosı	watches
guosıa	never
guoteı	pattern
guotoa	verb
gupaq	half
gupaq	half
gupaqcoaqluko	wolf-dog
gupaqkaro	Himalayan tahr
gupeoq	helium
gupoaı	testis
gupu	rots
gupuguaqsaı	composte
gupuheqmy	composter
gupuloha	rust
guputano	composte
guq	below
guqchuechao	subway train
guqcoe	hangs
guqdıaopıo	stalagmite
guqfa	descends
guqfuq	undergarment
guqjeoq	bowl
guqjıaq	underworld
guqmuı	metaphorical
guqpaq	bottom
guqsheaq	understands
guqtaq	vertical
guqtaqkahu	dibatag
guqtıeqhuaı	digs a tunnel
gure	both or none
gureq	kidney
gureq	kidney
gureqneogulaq	adrenal gland
gureqneosaı	adrenaline
guru	guru
gurugu	croaks
gurıopıe	lungfish
gusa	at least one
gusaonelaı	bicameral letter
gusaı	emulsion
guseaq	bisexual
gushe	allows
gusheaq	stands bipedally
gusheaqhe	bipede
gushoaı	fly
gushı	is either
gusıa	neither
gusıeme	ordered pair
gusıoq	bicycle
gusıoqfa	bikes
gutoemy	pair of scissors
gutoeqnhuo	matrix
gutoeqpao	grandparent
gutoeqsuoq	grandchild
gutu	both
gutıq	domino
guy	cloth
guyboe	cloth sheet
guı	grain
guıbeaq	pitchfork
guıbıu	sushi
guıche	serialist
guıcoe	gluten
guıdıu	serial science
guımuoq	dough
guınhoq	pasta
guıpuo	flour
gı	good
gıa	ribbon
gıa'eku	zebra
gıaboqcıra	striped vontsira
gıachea	turban
gıakaq	strip
gıakıao	gateway
gıakıaotoq	gate
gıaleoq	fence
gıao	dry
gıaoguaq	desert
gıaotue	dry spell
gıapoke	ribbon seal
gıaq	music
gıaqbaı	produces
gıaqbıu	flute
gıaqche	musician
gıaqdoa	performs music
gıaqduo	dances to music
gıaqduy	dances
gıaqfıeq	composes music
gıaqjaı	vibing
gıaqkaı	composes music
gıaqkaıse	music score
gıaqkoı	walks to music
gıaqpueq	tapdances
gıaqshuaq	plays music
gıaqshuaq	plays music
gıaqshuaq	produces music
gıaqteı	melody
gıaqtua	makes music
gıarueqluaq	play tug of war
gıaı	incise
gıaıchuo	pickaxe
gıaıkaı	carves
gıaıkuq	carves writing
gıaıkuqkaı	carves writing
gıaıreo	pencil
gıaıreosheq	pencil sharpener
gıaıreoshuo	automatic pencil
gıaıte	carved
gıaıtedıu	entomology
gıcacıa	in vain
gıcıa	free.of
gıdaıtue	opportunity
gıdoa	rewards property
gıe	arm
gıebea	elbow
gıebıu	sleeve
gıejeoq	armpit
gıekea	robotic arm
gıekoꝡam	wristwatch
gıeq	shock
gıeshıo	shoulder
gıeshıoboe	cape
gıfaq	good occurrence
gıga	giga
gıhuaq	better than
gıjao	is safe
gıkoy	praises
gıkuaochaq	Good Friday
gılıe	has positive
gımajı	blessed
gımuo	perfect
gımıu	approves
gıne	has worth
gıneq	fortunate
gıneqjuq	gets lucky
gıneqnu	fortunately
gınu	fortunately
gınue	promise
gınıq	fresh
gıo	light
gıochuao	window
gıocıa	dark
gıocıoq	light switch
gıodoa	lights
gıodıeq	lights
gıofuaq	photograph
gıogeo	CMB
gıohua	photophore
gıohıaq	dark
gıojıo	lighthouse
gıokea	lamp
gıokusu	jack-o'-lantern
gıokıoq	lightbulb
gıolıeq	prism
gıomy	light
gıomıa	light
gıonuao	rainbow
gıonuoqchuo	mirror
gıonıaq	light year
gıopoa	opaque
gıorıa	transparent
gıoshuaq	shines
gıosoaı	ray of light
gıotı	(object
gıotıcıa	unilluminated
gıotıe	opaque
gıotıtuao	ill-lit
gıozıa	emits light
gıozıa	emits
gıpo	buddy
gıq	opposite
gıqbuoq	ironic
gıqduı	not enough
gıqkuq	sarcastic
gıqmıaı	alliterates with
gıqtı	absent
gıqtısha	departs
gıruo'oma	benign tumor
gısoq	is the best
gısıo	good idea
gıta	guitar
gıtoaı	score point
gıtoı	treats
gıu	line
gıuchoı	blade
gıuduo	moves along path
gıufa	goes along path
gıumeı	ridge
gıunhuo	line
gıunuı	narrow
gıureq	stickman
gıusao	wide
habanero	habanero pepper
habelına	collared peccary
habo	s
habı	bird
haga	feels a tickle
hajao	neurodivergent
hajapurune	apricot tree
hajapuruq	apricot tree
hajataqpurune	apricot tree
hajuı	neurotypical
haka	wing
hakashuo	tuber
hako	bear
hakokato	binturong
hakosıu	bear
halapenho	jalapeño pepper
halobıq	Halloween
hamonıka	harmonica
hamoıgua	amoeba
hanuka	Hanukkah
hanumaqjıu	Hanuman Jayanti
hao	stuff
haogaq	hangs out with
haogı	welcome
haohao	thingamajig
haohuı	unwelcome
haotao	does the salient
hapaka	alpaca
hapı	bee
hapıa	harpy
hapıduao	honey
hapısaı	beeswax
haq	food
haqbaı	prepare.food
haqbaıcase	recipe
haqbaıche	cook
haqbaıkua	kitchen
haqbaıkua	kitchen
haqbaırıoq	farm
haqbaıse	meal
haqboe	menu
haqbuchuq	has pica
haqbygy	hamburger
haqbıu	esophagus
haqchaı	soup
haqche	cook
haqchuq	eats food
haqcıao	cuisine
haqcıaruoı	scrawny
haqcıu	vomits up
haqcıukuaı	feels nauseous
haqdo	feed
haqdoa	feeds
haqfa	out for food
haqfuq	apron
haqfıeq	invents new food
haqgu	eel
haqgulaı	Hangul
haqheqmy	takeout box
haqhua	stomach
haqhuapue	gastropod
haqjeoq	bowl
haqjueqkea	blender
haqjuq	obtains food
haqjuq	feeds themselves
haqjuqbıu	digestive tract
haqkahahua	crop
haqkuaı	craves food
haqlaı	Han character
haqlueqche	waitron
haqly	snack
haqmılaı	hanzi
haqnhuo	buffet
haqpaoche	farmer
haqpaodıu	agriculture
haqpaoguaq	farmland
haqpaorıaq	farm
haqpaq	ingredient
haqpuı	feast
haqsaokua	dining hall
haqshuaq	farms
haqshuo	food supply
haqsoy	plate
haqsue	orders
haqsıa	vampire
haqtoaı	nutrient
haqtoq	plate
haqtoq	plate
haqtıao	food
haqzu	CJK language
haqzy	hanzi
hara	scorpion
haranekoaı	spiderweb
harı	wizard
hasa	sighs
hashu	sneezes
hashufuq	handkerchief
hashıdao	hash-tag
hatıao	is customizable
haıgıq	case only then
haıku	haiku
haınu	case already
he	generally
hea	piece
heaq	carry
heaqfa	carries
heaqmu	carried
heaqshaı	drops
heaqsho	picks up
heaqshuo	inventory
heaqtıao	portable
heaqtıao	portable
hebesaı	rubber
hedeaı	status
hehaqraıruatıtıeq	HRT
hekero	maple tree
heketare	hectare
hekuchuoı	whip
hekuq	says
helemo	elm
heleq	elbow bone
helıum	helium
heno	version
heo	different
heo	different
heo	and
heocuage	allergen
heocuahe	allergic
heodua	can distinguish
heohueq	is a mark
heojeymaı	heterosexual
heomaı	straight
heomaı	heteromantic
heome	heterogenous
heomıa	varied
heomıu	act of hypocrisy
heopoq	outsider
heoq	waist
heoqgıa	belt
heoqgıabo	armadillo
heoqshaq	belly
heose	is a byproduct
heoseaq	heterosexual
heoseje	LGBTQ
heoshaq	side
heosıca	distracts
heotı	off
hepe	herpes
hepetenuı	dwarf mongoose
hepetesıu	mongoose
heq	contain
heqbeq	looks stuffy
heqcheose	mixture
heqchuo	container
heqchuo	container
heqfa	elf
heqfuq	purse
heqgoa	vessel
heqjeoq	bowl
heqma	container
heqmuo	full
heqmy	container
heqmy	container
heqmy	container
heqnıu	potted plant
heqruaq	asserts
heqrı	henry
heqshea	empty
heqtı	duck
herece	hertz
heroe	heroic
heroe'aı	heroic
heruo	arrow
heseoq	climate
hesıa	empty set
hey	and
hey	instance
heydaı	alternative
heytou	is nonfungible
heytuqfuaq	NFT
hezı	plasma
hezıkıoq	plasma ball
heı	ten
heıga	oak
heıgazeo	acorn
heıgucheı	duodenum
heıgujue	December
heıgutuaq	Asian swamp deer
heıgıe	squid.
heıgıechuq	bottlenose whale
heıjue	October
heıkata	ten
heıko	tenth
heıpy	teenager
heıshıjue	November
heıshıjue'aramoshıcıaguo	No Nut November
hoaq	burn
hoaqdoaı	toast
hoaqfuı	flammable
hoaqgıo	firelight
hoaqhıao	burns (injury)
hoaqkea	lighter
hoaqkıu	flammable
hoaqleq	flame
hoaqluq	smolders
hoaqluı	charcoal
hoaqnao	alcohol
hoaqpuao	smoke
hoaqpuo	ash
hoaqpıo	coal
hoaqpıotuı	dragon
hoaqraq	nettle
hoaqrıo	plasma
hoaqrıo	smoke
hoaqshuao	phoenix
hoaqtue	fire
hoaıduoı	goes on and on
hoaıhaq	leftover food
hoaınu	still the case
hobo	its
hobı	sheep
hobıche	shepherd
hobıkıaq	wool
hobınueq	mutton
hochu	east
hochupoq	easterner
hoe	sun
hoe'achu	sun-sneezes
hoeboe	sun disks
hoebuaq	brown dwarf
hoechuq	photosynthesizes
hoecıao	Toaq culture
hoedue	legal
hoedıu	astronomy
hoefu	Toaqist
hoegoeq	awning
hoegua	Toaqland
hoegıo	sunlight
hoehako	sun bear
hoehıao	gets sunburnt
hoejıao	solar deity
hoejıaı	navigates
hoekaqshıa	sunglasses
hoeloha	gold
hoelohareo	gold-colored
hoeluo	solar system
hoeluı	stellar remnant
hoeme	constellation
hoemıa	sunny
hoemıao	solar eclipse
hoene	hour
hoenoaı	sunscreen
hoepoq	alien
hoepoqchao	UFO
hoerua	sunflower
hoerıqpıo	chrysoberyl
hoesaı	helium
hoesaı	helium
hoeshıy	sunset
hoesoaı	sunbeam
hoesıoq	galaxy
hoesıu	shiny
hoetoa	word in Toaq
hoetoq	solar panel
hoetıaq	suntanned skin
hoetıe	darkened screen
hoezaq	sunrise
hoezeo	nightshade
hoezu	Toaq language
hoeı	morning
hoeıhaq	breakfast
hohao	he
hojı	us
hokapı	okapi
hoku	compressed
hokı	hockey
holı	Holi
homalı	ex forma
homaqrıoq	animacy class
homo	human
homopapy'omabıru	HPV
honı	is this
hopa	satisfied by him
hoqbo	its
hoqbıe	afterwards
hoqkeo	however the case
hoqraı	abstract
hoqsa	jaguar
hoqsıe	case afterwards
hoqtekı	computer
hora	hour
horachıu	is the time
horaı	animate
hore	west
horepoq	westerner
horolo	Xorlo
hota	=
hoto	bone
house	suggestion 🏡
housı	ear
housıkaro	beira
hoıly	euler's number
hoımu	following
hoıtoa	anaphora
hoıtoa	pro-word
hua	body.part
hua	body.part
huabo	has body part
huaduo	gestures
huakea	prosthetic limb
huakuaq	expresses
huakuq	signs
huakuqtoaı	chereme
huao	loose
huaohua	dewlap
huaomoe	feels relaxed
huaopaq	flap
huaoreı	loosely surround
huaorueq	stretchable
huaorueqchuo	bellows
huapaq	body part
huaq	more
huaqcho	prefer
huaqchua	a
huaqloı	envies
huaqmea	majority
huaqmoe	feels arrogant
huaqsho	surpasses
huaqsoı	tries to one-up
huarueqduo	stretches
huaı	scoop
huaıchao	excavator
huaıchuo	spoon
huaıchuo	shovel
huaıchuokenobo	fallow deer
huaılyjıaı	spoons
huaılyreaq	spoon
huaımy	spoon
huaımyne	spoonful
hue	feather
hue'o	velvet
huecea	pillow
huela	vulva
huela'aı	yonic
huelo	velvet
huelobosa	Asian hornet
hueq	surface, facet
hueqjo	tetrahedron
hueqsı	gropes
huko	give me a break
huku	squash
hukushu	squash
hukı	punishes
hunagıe	tentacle
huo	auditory
huobo	has the sound
huochoı	ear-piercing
huocıa	deaf
huocıacıao	Deaf culture
huode	sounds beautiful
huodeq	can hear
huofıe	sounds ugly
huogaı	hear
huogaıkea	microphone
huoge	emits sound
huogı	sound.good
huohua	ear
huohuahupı	bat-eared fox
huohuasaı	cerumen
huohuı	sounds bad
huohıaq	hard of hearing
huojıoq	antenna
huokıu	audible
huokıubu	inaudible
huokıubu	inaudible
huonoaq	reads audiobook
huonueqhua	earlobe
huopuao	muffled
huosoakea	hearing aid
huosı	listen
huosıu	sounds like
huotoaı	phone
huoı	tail
huoıbıo	cup
huoıcıa	frog
huoısıa	tailless
hupa	pushes
hupa(mıeq)chuo	barometer
hupacaha	breathes out
hupacheoq	tube
hupacıoq	button
hupareıkafe	caffe espresso
hupı	fox
hupı	fox
hupıshıukune	olingo
huqjeo	indeed
huqkıa	snow leopard
hurahe	witch
hurıgupaqluko	wolf-dog
hurıluko	wolf
husho	hush
huı	bad
huıbu	not bad
huıcaqruaq	blames
huıche	villain
huıchoq	wastes
huıchıaı	morally wrong
huıchıchuaq	cult
huıcıa	lack
huıdaımoe	feels anxiety
huıdaımoı	feels anxiety
huıdaısı	worries
huıfaq	goes wrong
huıhota	metastasizes
huıjua	silly person
huıjua	abnormal
huıjuıshaı	abandons
huıkoe	blames
huıkoy	condemns
huıkuaı	sadistic
huıkuıhuı	punishes
huıloeq	rots
huılıe	suffer
huılıe	is negatively
huılıecho	masochist
huılıetua	punishes
huımajı	curse
huımajı	cursed
huımajıbo	cursed
huımoegaq	feels sympathy
huımoı	feels anxiety
huımıu	disapproves
huıneq	unfortunate
huıneqjuq	gets unlucky
huıneqnu	unfortunately
huınu	unfortunately
huınua	steals
huınue	threaten
huınuy	takes revenge on
huınıq	viral
huınıqdoe	virus
huıpaq	discontent
huıpoqnua	abducts
huıpueq	commits treason
huıpıotuı	dinosaur
huıruo'oma	malignant tumor
huısao	intimidating
huıseoq	storm
huıseoqjaomoe	feels chrysalism
huıshao	is malicious
huıshaofey	paranoid
huıshıq	stinks
huıshıqmelı	stink badger
huıtaoheq	jail
huıtaojıo	jail
huıtoaı	penalty point
huıtoı	mistreats
huıtoı'eı	bully
huıtuaruaq	blames
hí	which
hıa	is
hıa	is
hıam	dangerous
hıao	harm
hıaoboq	protects
hıaobu	safe
hıaocaı	damaging
hıaoce	injury
hıaochuo	weapon
hıaocıa	safe
hıaocıa	safe
hıaocıasıo	idea of safety
hıaodaı	dangerous
hıaodaımoe	feels unsafe
hıaodaıruaqse	warning
hıaodaısıamoe	feels safe
hıaodea	batters
hıaodoemıetoaı	virus
hıaogıq	heals
hıaoheaq	armed
hıaojao	safe from danger
hıaojoaısı	vigilant
hıaojuqcho	masochist
hıaokea	virus
hıaokuaı	aggressive
hıaole	dangerous
hıaoleo	attacks
hıaomoe	feels hurt
hıaonuı	pathogen
hıaopuo	gunpowder
hıaorıeq	escape
hıaorıeqsoa	rescues
hıaorıeqsoache	rescuer
hıaosaıbıa	poisoned
hıaose	wound
hıaoshao	is cruel towards
hıaosuao	severe
hıaotaocho	sadist
hıaote	hurt
hıaotoaı	ammunition
hıaotuafaı	is cruel towards
hıaotue	disaster
hıaotıechuo	bandage
hıaq	poor
hıaqkuaı	feels burnt out
hıaı	laugh
hıaına	hyena
hıaıse	laughter
hıbu	whatever
hıchu	oi
hıderudo	raspberry plant
hıderudo	red raspberry
hıe	carry
hıe'eku	hippopotamus
hıechao	wagon
hıefa	carries
hıeheku	hippopotamus
hıejeoq	bucket
hıejeoqny	bucketful
hıekebo	hippopotamus
hıeku	liver
hıena	hyena
hıeq	throws
hıeqboe	frisbee
hıeqbıa	feels nauseous
hıeqbıu	cannon
hıeqbıukea	gun
hıeqfuo	pushes on
hıeqgıqfuo	pulls on
hıeqjuq	catches
hıeqmı	knight
hıeqnuao	bow
hıeqnuaobeaq	arrow
hıeqnuaohaq	arrow
hıeqpoaq	explodes
hıeqpoaqkea	bomb
hıeqse	projectile
hıeqtaq	jumps
hıesıaıbıu	artery
hıetısha	brings
hıguana	iguana
hıgıe	hygienic
hımıeq	classifies
hıo	greet
hıodıeq	sends greetings
hıohaı	acknowledges
hıoq	proud
hıoqdeaı	worthy
hıoqgıq	ashamed
hıoqjue	Pride Month
hıoqkuq	brags about
hıoqshuıkuq	humble brags
hıota	yotta
hıpı	hippie
hıpı	hippie
hıqdu	Hindu
hıqsoq	is the latest
hıraı	is
hıu	river
hıu'eku	hippopotamus
hıuguao	fork in a river
hıuguaoguaq	delta
hıuguaome	delta
hıuguoq	mouth of a river
hıupıo	quartz
jabı	predicate
jachuao	lambda slot
jachuaocıa	nullary
jacoese	binding
jada	Yalda
jadı	hi
jaga	congratulations
jaka	true jackal
jake	jacket
jama	influences
jana	hold up
jao	far
jao[kaq]bıu	telescope
jaocaqkea	remote control
jaocaqrıochao	drone
jaochuo	television
jaocua	is (being) cold
jaodoa	sends
jaofa	goes away
jaoheo	exotic
jaohuo	resound
jaokaıse	telegram
jaokuq	walkie.talkie
jaolaq	telephone
jaolaq	phone
jaolaqlaq	ringtone
jaolaqsue	phones
jaome	sparse
jaomuo	is unlike
jaonı	far.away
jaoshuao	turkey
jaotaq	sparse
jaotoa	SMS
jaq	very
jaq'acı	strong acid
jaqbeı	so much the case
jaqbu'eqbı	demi-non-binary
jaqbulıq	demi-female
jaqbunaq	demi-male
jaqbıaq	enough.to
jaqchoaımute	apple product
jaqchu	mildly the case
jaqchuaqpoq	egalitarian
jaqgala	jungle
jaqhıao	injured
jaqhıaote	injured
jaqkafe	red-eye
jaqmaıchıtoı	love-bombs
jaqnu	so much the case
jaqnuı	tiny
jaqsao	huge
jaqtuao	case to a rather
jara	runs
jara	run
jarafa	giraffe
jarafagazala	gerenuk
jarafasıu	giraffe or okapi
jaragoeq	hurdle
jauı	hewwo
jaı	happy
jaıbuq	smiles
jaıbıa	manic
jaıgaq	happy
jaıjaı	shares the joy
jaıjaıkuaq	congratulates
jea	buys
jea	buy
jeachoaq	customer
jeadoaqpaq	shopping
jeajıo	mall
jeajıo	store
jeakao	receipt
jealuao	storefront
jealuoı	for sale
jeaq	increase
jeaqcao	spring
jeaqchua	additional name
jeaqchuq	snacks on
jeaqdao	tag
jeaqdaıbu	cannot increase
jeaqdo	add
jeaqdıakaı	WriTEs
jeaqfıeq	copies
jeaqfıeqkuaı	feels inspired
jeaqjuoı	elaborates on
jeaqjıqzıu	hyperreal number
jeaqkuq	adds
jeaqlıao	yeast
jeaqnaby	sandwich
jeaqnao	(a) sauce
jeaqshuaq	copies
jeaqshue	dust
jearıaq	market
jeatoaı	transaction
jeatıaı	is a package
jeaı	is the same as
jedaı	jedi
jeha	is* the case
jehua	is a
jehudı	Jewish
jehudıchuaq	Judaism
jeku	liver
jemusao	gigantic
jemy	glue
jenalıq	adrenaline
jeo'aı	honest
jeobo	has truth value
jeobıdaqmıqmaıraqpoqjı	aphorism
jeocuaq	proposition
jeodaı	proposition
jeogaı	perceives
jeogı	is suitable
jeogı	good for one
jeohuı	not good for one
jeojao	far from true
jeojeo	for sure
jeojeo	indeed
jeojuı	almost
jeoketo	right whale
jeomao	also the case
jeomucuaq	property
jeomudaı	property
jeomı	common noun
jeonue	promise
jeopaq	feature
jeoq	concave
jeoq	concave
jeoqbo	is concave at
jeoqchuo	bowl
jeoqgıu	groove
jeoqhua	pelvis
jeoru	and
jeotoa	verb
jeotoa	"atomic verb"
jeotoachue	serial
jeotoarıoq	frame
jeotoı	is with
jeq	same
jeq	identical
jeq-	same subject
jeqbokuaı	envies
jeqbunıoq	anisodon
jeqchoq	shares
jeqchoqjuao	copyright
jeqchoqkeaıjuao	open licence
jeqchuaq	egalitarianism
jeqda	gender
jeqdabeo	transgender
jeqdacıa	agender
jeqdajeı	cisgender
jeqdakuaı	gender-envies
jeqdaru'o	exhibits
jeqdashue	cisgender
jeqdasuku	transgender
jeqdy	gender
jeqgam	cube
jeqheo	is the same as
jeqjeq	identical
jeqjeqpıa	identical twin
jeqjeymaı	homosexual
jeqmaı	gay
jeqmaı	homoromantic
jeqme	uniform
jeqmoe	zen
jeqpue	isopod
jeqpıa	same-sex sibling
jeqpıa	twin
jeqruo	imitates
jeqseaq	homosexual
jeqshuaq	copy
jeqtoe	cuts
jeqtu	identical
jey	gender
jeyboq	cassgender
jeycuao	genderqueer
jeycıa	agender
jeyfaı	cisgender
jeygoısaı	HRT
jeyhuaqloı	gender-envies
jeyleı	transgender
jeymaıcıa	asexual
jeyrıe	intergender
jeı	identical
jeıbu	different thing
jeıga	same
jeıgaı	recognizes
jeıheo	another
jeıkuq	says exactly
jeılaı	logo
jeısıo	identity
jo	four
joa	week
joachaq	weekday
joachu	during.the.week
joadıaq	weekly
joafao	weekend
joagu	fortnight
joamoa	time of the week
joanhuo	weekly timetable
joaq	leader
joaqmı	king
joaı	seek
joaıjıoq	finds that
joaısı	on the lookout
joaıtaı	finds
joaıtoa	keyword
joe	skilled
joefoq	smartphone
joegı	is a master at
joekea	smart device
joene	is
joenetoaı	experience point
joetao	practice
joga	does yoga
jogoashaha	4D chess
jogu	yogurt
joguchuaı	frozen yogurt
joguru	yoghurt
joheıbushuchaq	Lent
jojue	April
jojue'ahochaq	April Fool's Day
jojıeq	square
jokaqhua	hirola
jokata	four
joko	fourth
jolaqteı	fourth tone
jolıaq	quartet
jom	demon
jonapu	on the ball
jopue	tetrapod
joq	main
joq'ıq	primary one
joqboe	front page
joqbuchua	side name
joqcuoı	satisfies with
joqdao	essence
joqdoaq	capital
joqhaq	entrée
joqhua	head
joqhuacholı	pillow
joqhuachuoı	halter
joqhuafuaq	portrait
joqhuakuoq	skull
joqhuapue	cephalopod
joqhuasıaı	haemorrhage
joqkua	living room
joqkıaq	head hair
joqlaqteı	falling.tone
joqmua	is the epitome
joqmuq	dominant hand
joqraq	chiefly
joqreaı	antithesis
joqreo	hue
joqrıaq	main place
joqshaq	face
joqshaqfuq	face mask
joqshaqtıe	mask
joqsoı	is at war with
joqteı	canonical
joqtoaı	protein
joqtoaıhuı	prion
joro	sin
josekı	joseki
josheaqhe	quadrupede
jotoq	tetrahedron
jotıq	tetromino
jouchoq	uses
joutue	state
joı	along.with
joıgıq	case instead
joılıaq	is the situation
joımoı	considers
jua	weird
juabea	xenarthran
juabu	normal
juabıao	befuddled
juagıq	ordinary
juahıaq	typical
juajua	aberration
juakuaı	feels playful
juamıa	atypical
juao	rule
juaobue	abode
juaobuı	exception
juaocha	happens lawfully
juaochebuajıao	police station
juaochıaı	illegal
juaochıaıjoaı	prosecutes
juaochıaıjuku	prosecutes
juaochıaıjıaı	arrests
juaochıaıruaq	accuses
juaocokı	legal system
juaocuegı	official
juaocıao	society
juaodaı	legal
juaodue	legal
juaoduebo	legal
juaodı	legal
juaodıu	judisprudence
juaofıeq	legislate
juaofıeqche	legislator
juaofıeqpoq	juridical person
juaohuı	irregular
juaojıo	court
juaokache	judge
juaokakuaq	judges
juaokakuq	judges
juaokoaq	major
juaokuı	is due to law
juaome	policy
juaomea	conforms to rule
juaomıeqfuaı	law-interpreting
juaomıeqfıuq	law-interpreting
juaopoq	legal person
juaopıao	irregular
juaoruaqjoe	is a
juaorıaq	court
juaoshaıche	abolitionist
juaoshuaı	regular
juaosoı	acts against law
juaosoınuaınua	commits fraud
juaotoa	particle
juaotua	limits
juase	side effect
juateı	xenomorph
juaı	serious
juaıfuq	formal clothing
juaıse	serious business
jucı	commits crime
jucıkao	criminal record
jue	month
juedıaq	monthly
juegu	two-month period
jueq	stirs
jueqchoarıa	diphthong
jueqchı	crank
jueqfuaq	jigsaw puzzle
jueqkafe	cafe frappe
jueqseaı	cocktail
juju	jumps
jujukaro	springbok
juka	bounces
juku	hunts
juku	hunts
julu	incidental
julu	joule
july	Yule
juna	is.true
junu	case by the way
junı	see you later
juo	letter
juo	written message
juoboq	"blocks"
juoche	postman
juochedıeq	sends
juocheme	postal office
juochıu	mail address
juodeoq	communicates
juoheq	envelope
juojıo	post office
juoq	should
juoqcuagı	responsible
juotoq	sign
juoı	describe
juoıgı	exact
juoıhuı	inexact
juoıjıe	ascribes
juoıkoy	describes
juoıkuq	describes
juoıkuq	describes
juoıkuı	makes sense
juoıkıu	is characterized
juoımu	described
juoısoa	explains
juoıtaqse	self-description
jupu	skips
juq	acquire
juq'aıdoaq	Chinatown
juqbuo	is accepting of
juqca	has an effect on
juqcaha	breathes in
juqdeaı	deserves
juqfa	goes to get
juqguolaı	sinogram
juqguose	made in China
juqgı	is good for
juqgı	benefit
juqgıboq	prevents
juqgıtao	does
juqhuı	bad
juqhuıle	risky
juqjoaı	on the lookout
juqkea	client machine
juqkuaq	accepts property
juqkuaı	long.for
juqtoateı	dative case
jutaq	identifies as
juy	is the same as
juı	near
juıbu	barely the case
juıcua	is (being) warm
juıduo	passes
juıfa	passes
juıkoı	passes
juıme	dense
juıme	dense
juımlaı	Zhuyin
juımlaıcha	Zhuyin
juını	nearby
juıpeo	passes
juıshaı	leaves behind
juıtaq	dense
jyq	is common with
júaq	even
jü	which
jıabuaq	forgets to do
jıachaq	tomorrow
jıadıo	today
jıadıu	futurology
jıajoa	next week
jıajue	next month
jıakoe	plans to do
jıakoekao	to-do list
jıakuaı	restless
jıaleo	plans to do
jıamoaq	envisions
jıanıaq	next year
jıao	god
jıao'aı	sacred
jıao'eı	holy cow
jıaodeoq	prays
jıaodoı	worships
jıaodıu	theology
jıaogoafuaq	idol
jıaogı	(event) is pious
jıaojıo	temple
jıaokeq	gold
jıaokuq	preaches
jıaokuqche	priest
jıaolua	myth
jıaonulıruaı	Christ
jıaoraq	divine
jıaq	world
jıaq'aobı	imaginary world
jıaqbıatue	pandemic
jıaqfao	end of the world
jıaqheoq	equator
jıaqjeo	is true in world
jıaqjıq	exists in world
jıaqkoaı	World Wide Web
jıaqkoaıluaqchuo	web browser game
jıaqkoaıluaqmu	web browser game
jıaqkoaırıaq	website
jıaqkıoq	globe
jıaqloqtue	climate change
jıaqtu	universe
jıashao	hope
jıataı	remembers to do
jıaı	grasp
jıaıdeq	prehensile
jıaıdoa	hands
jıaıfoaq	is cuddly with
jıaıgue	hook
jıaıjuq	captures
jıaıkoı	climb
jıaıkoımy	ladder
jıaımy	handle
jıaınua	remove
jıaınıoq	canine teeth
jıaıpaq	handle
jıaıse	handful
jıaıtaı	catches
jıbo	my
jıdao	fennec
jıe	deemed
jıegı	well-respected
jıehuı	ill-respected
jıekıu	subjective
jıekıugıq	objective
jıelu	subjective
jıemıa	common opinion
jıeq	tip
jıeqbo	pointy
jıeqguese	angle
jıfuaq	solo selfie
jıhao	us
jıjeı	me
jıjı	two of us
jıjıe	how I deem
jıko	World Wide Web
jıkokıqme	web series
jıkorı	website
jıkorıaq	website
jıme	us
jımnuo	naps
jıo	building
jıobuı	outdoors
jıobıu	chimney
jıodıu	architecture
jıofuaq	ground plan
jıofıeqche	architect
jıoluko	dog
jıonıe	indoors
jıopuefuq	slipper
jıoq	calculate
jıoqdaotoq	spreadsheet
jıoqdıu	mathematics
jıoqfıeq	devises
jıoqgaq	workshops
jıoqjuao	program
jıoqjuaobeo	hack
jıoqjuaogoı	debugs program
jıoqkea	computer
jıoqkea	computer
jıoqkea	calculator
jıoqseı	mathematical
jıoqtaı	calculates that
jıotanı	pillar
jıpa	satisfied by me
jıq	actual
jıqbıao	has psychosis
jıqchoq	uses
jıqchuaq	existentialism
jıqcuao	transcendent
jıqdua	know
jıqhako	bear
jıqhaı	already exists
jıqjeo	literally true
jıqjeo	legitimately
jıqjıao	True God
jıqjıaq	real world
jıqjıaq	reality
jıqkaq	real
jıqlua	true story
jıqluı	extinct
jıqnaı	extant
jıqsho	comes true
jıqshı	entity
jıqtue	fact
jıqtuq	universe
jıqtıao	accurate
jıqzı	jeans
jıqzıu	real number
jıtoa	pronoun
jıtogı	clue
jıu	born
jıuchaq	birthday
jıucoaq	domesticated
jıucupı	endometrium
jıudoa	gives birth
jıuhaqhua	placenta
jıuhua	womb
jıuhuacupı	endometrium
jıuhuacıu	menstruates
jıujeq	twin
jıujıa	embryo
jıuse	litter
jıushoe	bears
jıusıao	births
jıutua	bears
jıy	this.is
ka	hereby
ka	hereby
kabe	hoe
kabeta	hoes
kabetao	hoes
kabo	carbon
kabokaıchuo	pencil
kabosaı	is
kacanha	chestnut tree
kadamom	cardamom.plant
kadamompoaı	cardamom.seed
kadamomreıtaq	cardamom.roll
kadeoq	declares
kadeoq	declares
kafaq	hereby the case
kafe	coffee
kafepuo	coffee grounds
kafesaı	caffeine
kafyka'aı	Kafkaesque
kafykyhese	Kafkaesque
kagajeq	is just like
kaha	cough
kahahua	throat
kahu	tail
kahıa	great
kajıa	swears oath
kakao	cacao
kakaofaseo	cocoa bean
kakaopuo	cocoa powder
kakoe	decides
kakotosıu	cactus
kala	cringe
kalu	hereby the case
kalıum	potassium
kamaqbe	pie chart
kamechaı	Camellia tea
kamoho	chamois
kampa	camps
kampaloe	campfire
kamparıaq	campsite
kanoa	canoe
kanı	rabbit
kanınueq	rabbit meat
kao	record
kaochıo	logs into
kaodoa	stores
kaodoakıu	is
kaodoakıubulureıfeoq	BD-R
kaodoakıudıbıdı	DVD-R
kaodoakıusıdı	CD-R
kaodıeq	uploads
kaojuq	downloads
kaokaıche	scribe
kaokıum	calcium
kaolaı	file
kaonua	reads
kaonuakıu	is
kaopeq	paper document
kaoshaı	logs out
kaosho	signs up
kapacosoa	abets
kapasasaı	cotton
kapasaı	cotton
kapu	head
kaq	visual
kaqbo	has appearance
kaqbuby	has an inviting
kaqbıoı	gets spotted
kaqchuao	window
kaqchuo	optical.tool
kaqcıa	blind
kaqdao	view
kaqdela	candela
kaqdeq	can see
kaqdeqbu	blind
kaqdeqcıa	blind
kaqdıum	scandium
kaqfoa	looks
kaqfıe	visually ugly
kaqga	bites
kaqga	bite
kaqgaı	see
kaqgaıkea	film camera
kaqgaıkıu	visible
kaqgaıtaqchuo	mirror
kaqge	has appearance
kaqgı	look.good
kaqhua	eye
kaqhuacıuse	rheum
kaqhuapoke	Ross seal
kaqhuatıe	eyelid
kaqhuı	looks bad
kaqjua	looks weird
kaqjı	kanji
kaqjı	congee
kaqkıu	visible
kaqkıubu	invisible
kaqkıubu	invisible
kaqmuoı	rolls their eyes
kaqnuao	brow
kaqnuaokıaq	eyebrow
kaqpoarıa	blinks
kaqpuao	lacks definition
kaqrı	Welsh
kaqrıgua	Wales
kaqse	look
kaqshue	stares at
kaqshıa	glasses
kaqshıa	lens
kaqshıashı	monocle
kaqsı	watch
kaqsıpıo	calcite
kaqsıu	visually similar
kaqtıenua	opens his
karama	karma
karasere	European hornet
karate	karate
kareq	rattles
karo	goat
karolo	goral
karonuısıu	mouse-deer
karote	goated.
karotoq	carrot
karı	curry
kasha	offers
kashalo	sperm whale
kasuarı	cassowary
kası	nut
kata	card
katala	katal
katame	deck of cards
katana	katana
kato	cat
kato	cat
katochea	cat-ears hat
katojaıchoa	purrs
katopuenuı	red panda
katopuenuısıu	ailurid
katosoı	catfights with
katosıu	cat
kaze	beat
kazeguo	beat
kazu	kazoo
kaı	write
kaı	records
kaıce	article
kaıche	scribe
kaıchoımy	pencil sharpener
kaıdoa	posts message
kaıfua	desk
kaıfıeq	writes
kaıfıeq	writes
kaıfıeqche	writer
kaıgıq	erases
kaıgıqchuo	eraser
kaıkabo	pencil
kaıkea	typewriter
kaıkea	keyboard
kaıkeatoaı	key
kaıkue	notebook
kaıkuq	writes
kaıkıq	cartoon
kaıkıu	writable
kaımuoq	ink
kaımıeq	spells out
kaınao	ink
kaınaocea	ink sac
kaıpume	archive
kaıpıo	graphite
kaırıoq	font
kaıse	text
kaısebe	stub article
kaısekoaq	final draft
kaıshea	blank
kaısho	print
kaıtoaq	written language
kaıtoaı	written stroke
kaıtoq	whiteboard
kea	machine
keacaq	operates
keafuaq	screenshot
keakaı	types text
keakaıteı	keyboard layout
keakue	webpage
keakuq	texts
keapoq	robot
keaq	salty
keaqcuaı	marinated
keaqkushu	brined cucumber
keaqkusu	pickle
keaqloeq	pickled
keaqsaı	salt
keaqsaıheq	salt shaker
keaqze	brine
keazu	machine language
keaı	have.right
keaılaı	is a ticket
keaıleı	is privileged in
kebo	horse
kebo'aqshe	hinny
kebogama	huemul or taruca
kebıq	kelvin
kechapy	ketchup
keho	Hell
keleo	clitoris
kena	stork
keneıda	cnidarian
keno	horn
kenobonuı	pudu
kenobosa	European hornet
keobusuaojıejı	never.mind
keopı	quasi-copy
keoruaq	retorts, objects
keoı	talks
kepa	onion
keq	feces
keqcıu	defecate
keqjuo	shitpost
keqkaju	kinkajou
keqkea	shitter.
keqkuaı	has to poop
keqnoa	constipated
keqnıu	weed
keqpueq	fucks up
kera	brain
kere	scrotum
kerıoq	is a type of
kesha	clown
keto	cetacean
kezu	vinegar
kezute	pickled
kezutua	pickles
keıky	cake. 🎂🍰🧁
ko	nth
ko	nth
ko	is
ko	is
ko'aı	the internet
ko'aıcoe	links
ko'aıcoe	links
ko'y	talks
koa	cold
koa'aı	minty
koacao	winter
koacuaı	dank
koafurı	shivers
koahako	polar bear
koakafe	cold brew coffee
koakea	refrigerator
koakea	air conditioning
koakuakea	air conditioner
koaloy	raw
koalıe	feels cold
koamoe	cool
koamuao	Aspen tree
koaq	mature
koaq'ocha	adult
koaqjeaq	grows
koaqlıq	woman
koaqnaq	man
koarıokea	air conditioning
koatue	cold spell
koatı	coati
koatınuı	mountain coati
koaı	net
koaıfachuo	web browser
koaınoaqchuo	web browser
kobala	cobalt
kobodo	Kobold
kobıde	COVID
kobıdeheıneı	COVID-19
koche	automobile
kocy	goo
kocytıe	slimy
koe	chooses
koe	chooses
koe	chooses
koe'e	choose
koecachuaq	determinism
koecaı	is confident
koechuaq	existentialism
koekuaq	votes
koekıu	available
koemea	option
koenoa	is at a dilemma
koerue	is vacillating
koese	was chosen
koesheı	has a choice
koeteoq	closed question
koetoı	selects
kofıdyheıneıbıa	has COVID-19
koja	captures
kojuao	ko rule
koko	related
kokozeo	coconut
kolakası	kola nut
kolaze	cola
kolera	cholera
komodobarala	Komodo dragon
komorebı	is komorebi
kompıuta	computer
konı	European rabbit
konıly	bnuuy
konıq	European rabbit
kopuq	ordered group
kopı	copy
kopıo	scorpion
kopıpagechı	copypasta
kopıruo	mimics
kopıshuaq	copy
koq	rough
koqchoacha	creaky voice
koqfetı	confetti
koqgonı	hartebeest
koqlaq	creaking
koqpu	computer
koqpue	armadillo
koqputo	computer
koqputoq	computer
koqro	cartilage
koqto	account
koqtofuaq	profile picture
korotu	spotted hyena
koruo	raven
korıo	hazel
koselo	hazel
kosı	= cos
kotua	sorts
koychue	exchange
koyhao	interacts with
koyrıaq	chatroom
koyrıoq	social identity
koı	ambulate
koıbeaq	walking stick
koıbuaq	trips
koıceaq	hoof
koıceaqbo	ungulate
koıfa	goes
koıhua	leg
koıka	farewell
koısoıche	infantry soldier
koıtıeq	path
koꝡam	clock
ku'aı	orientation
ku'aı	is
kua	room
kuabue	appartment
kuajeq	roommate
kuane	roomful
kuao	cyan
kuaokuq	blogs
kuaomıo	colour azure
kuaomıo	of the colour
kuaopıo	turquoise
kuaq	express
kuaqba	challenges
kuaqgıq	represses
kuaqhuı	deceitfully
kuaqkuq	announces
kuaqtoa	interjection
kuaqtoaı	sentence
kuaqza	Kwanzaa
kuasu	kvass
kuaı	urge.for
kuaıboaıle	impulsive
kuaıca	tempting
kuaıcaq	controls
kuaıge	inspiration
kuaıkuaı	insatiable
kuaıluaq	teases
kuaıruo(he)	impulsive
kuaıshaı	gets bored of
kuaıtuagezıa	suggests
kubakafe	cafe cubano
kubo	egg
kubobao	egg white
kuboboe	omelette
kubolue	egg yolk
kubopıu	eggshell
kucho	gelatin
kudao	sigh
kudote	converse
kue	book
kueboe	book page
kuecea	book-bag
kueche	librarian
kuefua	bookcase
kuejıo	library
kuejıo	library
kuejıoqkea	laptop
kuekao	book
kuekea	printing press
kueme	book series
kuemuı	definition
kueneotoq	bookshelf
kuepaq	chapter
kuepo	vagina
kueq	gather
kueqbeq	heap
kueqboche	collector
kueqbıu	funnel
kueqgıq	disperse
kueqme	cluster
kueqse	crowd
kueqtua	collect
kueqtuapua	collects
kueshuo	library
kueta	quetta
kuetıe	book cover
kugu	sneaking
kugupoq	sneaky person
kuha	cheese
kuhachochı	nachos
kuhachıkyq	nacho
kuhapoaı	omelette
kuku	typical cuckoo
kukı	cookie
kulo	mosquito
kulom	coulomb
kum	is
kumı	worm
kuna	sentence
kune	dog
kunechoa	barks
kunehupı	crab-eating fox
kunemuse	prairie dog
kunesıu	canid
kuo	black
kuobao	black-and-white
kuochaı	black tea
kuohuohua	caracal
kuojeoq	black hole
kuoketo	humpack whale
kuoluaq	black player
kuopo	black player’s
kuoq	bone
kuoqbo	vertebrate
kuoqbue	shell
kuoqbuq	beak
kuoqchu	bone marrow
kuoqhuna	cartilage
kuoqleoq	shell
kuoqme	skeleton
kuoqnhuo	ribcage
kuoqnıaı	vertebrate
kuoqpuo	bone meal
kuoqpıu	shell
kuoqsaı	bone
kuorıba	blackcurrant
kuoshuao	crow
kuosoq	neck
kuoı	less
kuoıchoaı	is discounted
kuoımea	minority
kupı	carp
kuq	say
kuq	say
kuqbuaq	means to say
kuqca	remarkable
kuqcechue	chatroom thread
kuqceme	chat server
kuqchedu	tells lie
kuqcheu	tells lie
kuqchey	tells lie
kuqgıaıkaı	carves writing
kuqha	as they say
kuqhuı	tells the lie
kuqhıao	insults
kuqjaq	rants
kuqkaı	transcribes text
kuqkaı	writes
kuqkaıse	transcript
kuqkıu	remarkable
kuqmuo	done talking
kuqnu	alleged
kuqpoaqse	fragment
kuqpuao	speech bubble
kuqse	text
kuqtoaı	sentence
kuraı	topic
kuru	hunts down
kurum	copper
kurı	berry
kurınıu	berry bush
kushe	sorry
kushu	cucumber
kushu	cuddles
kushumy	plushie
kusu	squash
kusu	gourd
kusuchaq	Halloween
kusukuaı	squishes
kusunıu	plant
kusımaqse	kusimanse
kuytao	pleads
kuzu	kudzu
kuı	because
kuı	thus the case
kuıdeoq	credits
kuıgıqcıa	pointless
kuıkuq	explains
kuımu	case
kuıne	predetermined
kuıruaq	justifies
kuısheatoa	a-priori word
kuıtao	motivated
kuıtua	justifies
kuıtue	reason
kéo	but
kıa	red
kıabeq	itch
kıaca	perceived as red
kıacuao	infrared color
kıage	red
kıakune	dhole
kıaloa	spectrum
kıaloha	copper
kıamıao	lunar eclipse
kıanaokusu	watermelon
kıao	door
kıaoche	gatekeeper
kıaogıu	corridor
kıaojıaıpaq	door handle
kıaosıu	thyroid gland
kıaotoq	door
kıaotoqcıoq	doorknob
kıapıo	brick
kıaq	hair
kıaqbuaı	has long hair
kıaqche	barber
kıaqchuo	comb or brush
kıaqcıa	hairless
kıaqdoq	has short hair
kıaqkenobo	tufted deer
kıaqketea	baleen whale
kıaqme	patch of hairs
kıaqnua	cuts
kıaqnıu	grass
kıaqsıqsaı	shampoo
kıaqteı	hairstyle
kıaqtoe	cuts hair
kıarıba	redcurrant
kıashao	flushes
kıashaq	blushes
kıaı	look.after
kıaıhe	carer
kıboy	keyboard
kıbu	is impervious
kıbumıetoaı	immunocyte
kıbutoaı	antibody
kıbutua	antigen
kıbı	kiwi fruit
kıdo	copper
kıe	thankful
kıechaq	Thanksgiving
kıedoa	rewards
kıegıq	feels resentment
kıejuq	gets reward
kıejuqtıao	merits
kıekuq	thank
kıeq	disgusted
kıeqca	disgusting
kıeqgueca	cringy
kıeı	ice
kıeıgam	ice cube
kıeıkoı	ice-skates
kıjı	thanks
kıky	feels bad
kılo	kilogram
kılo	kilogram
kılo	is
kılogaram	kilogram
kımluaq	roleplays as
kımı	bedbug
kınamom	cinnamon.tree
kınamombeaq	cinnamon.stick
kınamomreıtaq	cinnamon.roll
kınamomsaı	cinnamon
kıno	movie
kıokılaı	parentheses
kıolaı	left parenthesis
kıoq	ball
kıoq'aı	rounded
kıoqbıu	cylinder
kıoqgupaq	hemisphere
kıoqgıo	lantern
kıoqjoqhua	pilot whale
kıoqjıoqchuo	abacus
kıoqlıeq	cone
kıoqmuoı	torus
kıoqmuoıhaq	bagel
kıoqseu	number π
kıoqsuoı	marbellous
kıoqzıu	number π
kıoraq	parenthetical
kıoty	kilt
kıpu	quipu
kıqchuao	screen
kıqchue	TV series
kıqgaı	watches a movie
kıqkea	video screen
kıqluaq	plays videogame
kıqme	show
kıqsıeme	video series
kıqtoq	video screen
kıro	jerk
kırı	cute
kırıcojıu	Christmas
kırıcokoko	Christian
kırısochuaq	Christianity
kırısochuaqkue	bible
kırısytochuaq	Christianity
kırısytochuaqkue	bible
kıta	there we are
kıtı	fur
kıtıtoe	shaves
kızıa	emits a click
labı	lion
labı	lion
labıbodoa	thrown
ladoq	lad
lago	lagomorph
lagyba'ome	Lag BaOmer
lalea	tulip
lama	llama
lamıa	lamia
lao	wait
laocaı	patient
laocaıcıa	impatient
laochaq	is the eve of
laocheo	in a deadlock
laochoa	stutters
laofabeta	alphabet
laofey	excited
laojaı	looks forward
laojoe	patient
laonıeq	impatient
laorue	impatient
laotao	ditzes
lapaqdıu	logic
lapaqjıoq	infers
lapaqmoı	infers
laq	sound
laqbıo	bell
laqcaı	loud
laqchue	melody
laqchuo	horn
laqcıa	silent
laqdaqchuo	timer
laqdıeq	podcast
laqgeabıa	has tinnitus
laqgeateılaı	tone mark
laqgeateızu	tonal language
laqguao	tuning fork
laqgıa	tape
laqjuo	podcast
laqkea	speaker
laqkue	audiobook
laqkıoq	jingly bell
laqleaqdıu	phonotactics
laqleoq	earplugs
laqluoq	harmony
laqme	chord
laqnuoq	echo
laqpaq	gets this bread
laqrua	orchid
laqruaq	beeps
laqrue	low
laqruoq	monotone
laqshuaq	emits sound
laqshuaqdıu	phonics
laqsy	salmon
laqteızu	tonal language
laqtoa	onomatopoeia
laqtoaı	musical note
laqzıa	emits a sound
laraı	proposition
laruq	larynx
laruqbeq	Adam's apple
lasa	curls up
lasatuaq	blackbuck
latoa	complementizer
lazanha	lasagna
lazaqnha	lasagna
lazulıpıo	lapis lazuli
laı	letter
laıbala	garbled text
laıbaı	spells out
laıboe	flag
laıchea	diacritic
laıchuekao	plain text file
laıcıuse	hormone
laıdoa	assigns
laıdıeq	signs
laıgıu	line of text
laıhaqgıly	Korean character
laıkaı	spells out
laıkoekea	keyboard
laılea	calligraphy
laılua	symbolic story
laınıaı	allegory
laıpaq	diacritic
laırıoı	label
laısaı	hormone
laıshı	Christ
laısucao	Christmas
laısuchuaq	Christianity
laısue	cues
laısujıuchaq	Christmas
laısujıulaochaq	Christmas Eve
laısunıqjıuchaq	Easter
laısıemekao	plain text file
laısıo	is a metaphor
laıteı	letterform
laıteıme	font or typeface
laıtıq	Latin
le	likely
lea	art
leabo	artistic
leache	artist
leachue	serialized
leagı	of good quality
leagıkuaı	perfectionist
leajıo	art museum
leaq	adjacent
leaqbua	neighbor
leaqbua	neighbour
leaqbueme	neighborhood
leaqfıa	precede
leaqjıome	neighborhood
leaqsıe	next
leata	(an) aesthetic
leatıqme	mosaic
lecagı	conducive
lecıa	impossible
ledua	guesses
legıq	improbable
leje	cork
lejeheıga	cork oak
lemoq	lemon
lemuo	sure to occur
lemuresıu	lemur
lemıu	expect
lena	dress
leo	try
leokaıse	essay
leoleo	keeps trying
leoq	shield
leoq(tao)kuaı	defensive
leoqbosıu	house centipede
leoqchea	helmet
leoqchuo	shield
leoqfuq	armor
leoqheaqsıu	house centipede
leoqhıesıu	house centipede
leoqmy	shield
leoqrıaq	shelter
leoqtao	protects
leoqtemoe	feels safe
leoqtıe	armor
leoqtıq	scute
leoshaıcıa	is persistent
leposıu	rabbit
leq	tongue
leqfuo	licks
leqfurılaq	trill
leqhuaı	licks
leqjıeqcha	apical
leqlıacha	lateral
leqtoqcha	laminal
lera	liquid
leı	uncommon
leı	rare
leı	seldom
leımuı	odd
leısuoı	is exclusive
loa	purple
loachaq	sunday
loachue	forum
loahıupıo	amethyst
loakepa	red onion
loanıu	violet
loaq	buttocks
loaqdea	spanks
loaqjeoq	asscrack
loaqmoe	feels assertive
loaı	flow
loaıbaga	pumps
loaıbıa	has the flu
loaıbıu	spout
loaıdaı	fluid
loaıdaıtuao	semiliquid
loaıfua	fountain
loaıfuı	runny
loaıfuısaı	lubricant
loaıgoaı	slips
loaıhua	heart
loaıhua	heart
loaıkea	pump
loaılaq	approximant
loaılaq	continuant
loaıluao	spout
loaımeoq	viscous
loaınoa	viscous
loaıpıo	magma
loaırıaı	fountain
loaırıo(saı)	is
loaıshua	pours onto
loaıshuatua	pours
loaısuaı	runny
loaıtoa	danmaku comment
loaıtua	lung
loaıtuacha	pulmonic
loe	flame
loebeaq	candle or torch
loebeaq	match
loebıu	chimney
loebıutuaı	pyrosome
loechuo	lighter
loefa	moth
loefua	wood-burner
loehaq	fuel
loehıeqchuo	flame thrower
loekıa	crimson
loekıoq	fireball
loeleq	flame
loeloy	roasted
loemeı	volcano
loemeıpıo	basalt
loenao	lava
loepoaı	ember
loepuao	smoke
loepuaobıu	chimney
loepıo	coal
loepıo	flint
loepıotuı	dragon
loeq	cooks
loereobo	bullfinch
loerua	firework
loerıaq	fireplace
loeshuao	phoenix
loeshıa	obsidian
loetue	fire
lofaıfuaq	lo-fi artwork
lofaıgıaq	lo-fi music
logalaq	Loglan language
logo	logo
loha	metal
lohachuoı	wire
lohagupu	rusts
lohagıaq	metal
lohakoaı	chainmail
lohamechuoı	cable
lohapıo	ore
lohatıeq	railroad
lohaı	blåhaj
lojıbaqpoq	lojbanist
lojıbo	Lojbanic
lojıbozu	Lojban language
lolaqteı	rising.tone
loq	hot
loqcao	summer
loqcıa	raw
loqdekı	thermometer
loqduı	burns
loqhaq	cooked
loqhaq	brewed food
loqhaqbaı	brews food
loqhıao	burns
loqkea	heater
loqkoa	lukewarm
loqkune	hot-dog
loqlaq	Loglan language
loqloaıdaı	molten
loqloeq	cooked with heat
loqluı	cooked
loqlıe	feels hot
loqne	temperature
loqnechuo	thermometer
loqpuefuq	slipper
loqsa	jaguar
loqsaosa	hot sauce
loqtue	heat wave
loqzıa	radiates heat
loreılaı	cartouche
lorı	Lohri
lorıq	chlorine
loycıa	raw
loynueq	prepared meat
loı	hate
loıbaq	Lojban language
loıchuaq	systemic
loıcua	avenges property
loıfea	puts up with
loıseaq	hatefucks
lua	story
luakoaq	koan
luakuı	has moral
luao	lip
luaofuo	kisses
luaojıaı	kisses
luaokıaq	mustache
luaokıaqketea	baleen whale
luaolaq	labial consonant
luaoleoq	lip balm
luaonhou	kisses
luaoroınıoq	labiodental
luaosaı	lipstick
luaotoı	kisses
luaotuaq	beak
luaq	play
luaq'uo	is a round
luaqcaqchuo	game controller
luaqcha	game mode
luaqcha	play gamemode
luaqche	occupational
luaqchukao	save file
luaqchuo	toy
luaqcuaq	game
luaqcıtoq	die
luaqduogıaqme	suite
luaqfıeq	tinkers
luaqgaq	plays with
luaqguo	game
luaqgı	entertaining
luaqhea	is a stage
luaqjuao	rule of a game
luaqjuao	game
luaqkata	playing card
luaqkoeduaı	in zugzwang
luaqkıoq	marble
luaqkıq	videogame
luaqmoe	has fun
luaqmu	game
luaqmy	toy
luaqne	score in a game
luaqne	game variable
luaqne	has score
luaqpoq	piece
luaqse	game played
luaqtao	play(s) game
luaqtaı	wins in game
luaqtoaı	game turn
luaqtue	(game) position
luaruaq	tells story
luaruco	tells story
luaruo	acts out
luaruoche	actor
luası	listens to
luaı	funny
luaıche	humorist
luaıcuaq	gag
luaıde	whimsical
luaıkuq	tells joke
luaıkuqse	joke
luaılua	joke
luaımoe	amused
luaıruo	jokester
luaıse	funny thing
luaıtaose	joke deed
luce	ulcer
lucu	game
lue	yellow
luechaq	wednesday
luehepete	yellow mongoose
luekıa	orange
lueq	serve
lueqce	server
lueqche	servant
lueqduaı	slave
lueqjuq	client
lueqkea	server
lueqluaq	subs
lueqmuce	client
luerıq	of color
luesaı	sulfur
lufı	is
lujıoq	infers
luko	dog
lukuq	says
lukusu	lux
lukuıjıoq	infers
lukuımoı	infers
lulu	french-kisses
lulu	french-kisses
lumeq	lumen
luo	family
luocheo	family
luochua	family name
luojeq	family member
luomea	family member
luoq	balanced
luoqbeaq	scales
luoqkea	balance scale
luoqruo	and
luoqtua	moderates
luoraq	related
luoshı	family member
luoı	is a target
luq	calm
luq'uo	round
luqbu	waist
luqdıu	mindfulness
luqke	lynx
luqmoe	calm
luqnao	pond
lurıaı	justifies
lusha	slips
lushaca	slippery
lutoame	relative clause
luıgıq	going
luıne	age
luısho	reaches
luısho	passes
ló	the
lıa	beside
lıadao	tag
lıahua	side
lıajeo	parallel
lıakoı	crab-walks
lıamı	bishop
lıao	fungus
lıao'aka	hypha
lıaodıu	mycology
lıaojeaq	leavens
lıaolaı	lichen
lıapaq	side
lıapeo	passes
lıaq	tuple
lıarea	side
lıaı	swim
lıaı	floats
lıaıhua	fin
lıaıhua	fine
lıaıhuapue	pinniped
lıaımuo	in flux
lıaırıaq	swimming pool
lıaısheq	diving knife
lıaıshoaı	fin
lıaıshoaı	fine
lıbo	has property
lıcy	Chinese
lıda	Litha
lıe	experience
lıecho	like
lıefa	explores
lıegı	enjoyable
lıekao	diary
lıekuaı	craves adventure
lıeluoq	is used
lıeq	wedge
lıeqgoa	corner
lıeqnua	wedges
lıezao	is accustomed
lıla	lilac
lım	understands
lına	clay
lınagam	brick
lıo	left
lıofeo	west direction
lıomuq	left hand
lıomuqpoq	left-handed
lıopaq	left.part
lıopaq	left part
lıq	female
lıq'a	lass
lıq'aı	feminine
lıq'aı	feminine
lıq'ocha	woman
lıqbaka	cow
lıqcıo	adolescent girl
lıqdeo	girl
lıqfu	daughter
lıqfu	daughter
lıqguoso	cow
lıqhupı	vixen
lıqhupıseo	fox wife
lıqkata	queen
lıqky	link
lıqlaı	female sign ♀
lıqnaq	androgynous
lıqpa	lymph
lıqpao	mother
lıqpoaı	ovum
lıqpıa	sister
lıqroaq	mother
lıqruo	feminine
lıqsaq	Asiatic linsang
lıqsaqsuı	prionodontid
lıqseo	wife
lıshu	Chinese
lıtere	liter
lıtıum	lithium
lıu	light
lıuloha	aluminium
lıuloy	lightly fried
lıuney	abashed
lıureo	pastel-colored
lıusoqloha	lithium
ma	whether
ma'ı	romantic
mabea	magic wand
mabo	has truth value
mabula	execrable
mace	mates with
macha	matcha
machachaı	matcha tea
maduepojıpıo	amirite
madıkata	tarot
madıkatame	tarot
mago	olive
magonulı	olive oil
magopıo	olivine
magınabı	spiraculous.
maheo	differs
mahoganı	mahogany tree
majoneze	mayonnaise
majı	magic itself
majıbeaq	magic wand
majıbo	enchanted
majıche	magician
majıjeo	happens by magic
majıkoe	casts
majılaı	sigil
majılıqdeo	magical girl
majımy	magical trinket
majınao	potion
majıpeq	magical scroll
majıpoq	magician
majısoaı	magical beam
majıtao	happens by magic
majıtoa	magical word
makasıq	moccasin
malahı	angel
mama	mama
mame	breast
mana	mana
manaopıo	agate
manha	believes in
manulu	Pallas's cat
maodaq	peony
maoja	banana
maojanaby	banana bread
maojanam	banana bread
maojeo	also the case
maojıe	projects
maomao	meow-meow cat
maomao	meows
maqbo	its
maqga	manga
maqgane	manganese
maqgo	mango
maqkaıheaq	mango tree
maqnesıoq	magnesium
maqnesıum	magnesium
maqnı	is this
maqpa	satisfied by it
maqraı	inanimate
mara	fluffy
marahako	teddy.bear
marao	dance
maro	marble
maroloha	calcium
marıhuana	marihuana
marıkı	maize plant
marıkı	corn
marıkıbeaq	ear of corn
marıkırua	cornflower
masame	brocket deer
masapaq	marzipan
masua	yawns
mateoq	yes-no question
mateoq	yes.no.question
matu	honey
matumusela	tayra
matuseaı	mead
matuzu	marten
maza'asyna	Zoroastrian
mazı	potato
mazıbeaq	french fries
mazıboe	potato chips
mazıcheı	french fries
mazıu	Boolean value
maı	love
maıcoeq	polycule
maıduı	love-bombs
maıjuo	love.letter
maıjıaı	hugs
maıloha	magnet
maılua	romance
maımu	beloved
maınıkyrafy	minecraft
maıpaıchaq	Valentine’s Day
maısuq	you, my love
me	aggregate
mea	among
meadıu	plural logic
meaga	among
meaheo	other
meahey	copy
meajeq	same
meakuq	mention
meakuqse	mention(ing)
meame	set
meamedıu	set theory
meametuq	power set
meamuo	complete
meamıa	varied
meamıq	infinitely many
meaq	ship
meaqboe	sail
meaqbıa	seasick
meaqce	harbour
meaqtıeq	canal
meashoe	admits
measuao	special
meatuq	same
meazua	excludes
meaı	celestial object
mechakucha	absurd
mechuoı	string
mechıaqhua	collective mind
medu	mead
medue	valid
medıteı	meditates
mega	mega
mehıkonuaı	Mexican peso
mejı	us
mejıo	museum
meka	crane
mekajıao	deus ex machina
mekorua	poppy
meloq	apple tree
meloq	melon
melı	true badger
mem	among
meme	meme
memı	proper noun
meneuchu	arithmetic mean
menu	menu
menısıu	pangolin
meo	sad
meobıa	depressed
meoca	saddens
meojaq	feels sorrow
meoq	slow
meoqca	slows
meoqkoı	walk
meoqmı	pawn
meozu	Lojban
mepaq	is an element
mepoaq	splits
mereuchu	geometric mean
merıeqda	afternoon
mesho	fusion
mesofa	sectional sofa
mesıq	brass
meta	meter
meta	meter
meta	one meter
meteı	posture
meı	mountain
meıdeı	SOS’s
meıdofuqme	maid outfit
meıguaq	mountain range
meıgıu	mountain range
meıharanıka	mountain arnica
meıkaro	rhebok
meılu	email
meıly	apple tree
meıme	mountain range
meıme	heap
meıme	mountain.range
meımeı	mountain range
meımoa	bump
meıny	'mountain'
meırıe	valley
meırıe	valley
meısao	overwhelming
moa	point
moafa	teleports
moanuoı	bites
moaq	remember
moaqchuo	mnemonic
moaqchıe	memorizes
moaqge	is a reminder
moaqhua	memory
moaqshaı	forget
moaqshuetao	memorizes
moaqsıo	memory
moaqtao	recalls
moashuao	moa
moasuaı	occurs suddenly
moaı	thick
moaıkaı	writes
moaılaı	letter
mochela	morel
moe	feel
moecey	gasps
moechoa	moans
moechou	heartfelt
moecyhy	gasps
moecıa	emotionless
moefea	tolerates
moefoa	fickle
moegaq	empathizes with
moegaq	sympathizes with
moehua	organ.of.feeling
moekuaı	feels deadpan
moekıaq	eyebrow
moelaı	emoji
moenotuq	loses their cool
moenuoq	feels sympathy
moepıa	soul-sibling
moeroe	OK
moese	emotion
moeshea	emotionally numb
moetao	vibes experience
moetoa	interjection
moetuaı	spirit, soul
moku	dark
mokuq	quotes text
molaı	open-quote
molaı	quotation.mark
mole	one mole
mole	mole
moma	ear
momoq	Mormon
monachu	monk
monha	forgets to do
moqkoy	questions
moqkuaq	asks
moqkuq	ask
moqlaı	question mark
moqsuta	monster
mora	mora
moraı	text
moruı	ant
moruımeı	formicary
morı	ant
morıbue	ant nest
moteo	text
moteolaı	quotes
mouko	mucus
moy	dark
moykuo	pitch black
moı	think
moıbaq	mind
moıbıa	mentally ill
moıbıadıu	psychiatry
moıbıadıuche	psychiatrist
moıdeoq	telepathic
moıdeoqkuq	says
moıfaı	neurotypical
moıguaı	does mental work
moıguaırıaq	office
moıhaq	food for thought
moıhua	brain
moıhuanoı	headache
moıhuanoılıe	has a headache
moıhuatoaı	braincell
moıjoe	clever
moıjua	puzzling
moıkoaı	neural network
moıkuq	thinks of saying
moılao	hesitate
moıleı	neurodivergent
moıluaq	plays puzzle
moıluaqmu	puzzle game
moıluq	thoughtful
moınıeq	stupid
moıpoaqse	"compartment"
moıpuao	thought bubble
moırıeq	escapes from
moıse	thought
moısı	ponder
mu	and
mu	and
mua	example
muao	tree
muaogaı	parses
muaogaıse	parse tree
muaoguaq	forest
muaoguaqkune	bush dog
muaoguaqtaqraka	streaked tenrec
muaogıetuaq	antler
muaohoaqpıo	charcoal
muaoluo	grove of trees
muaome	forest
muaomuoq	wooden
muaomıa	forest
muaopıu	bark of a tree
muaosaımuoq	wooden
muaotuaq	antler
muaq	dead
muaq'aı	lifeless
muaqbue	grave
muaqbueme	graveyard
muaqcuaojıaq	afterlife world
muaqdueq	graveyard
muaqdıeqme	Internet
muaqhaqtu	ghost
muaqhoe	stellar remnant
muaqjaı	happy
muaqjoaı	hunts
muaqkao	obituary
muaqkuaı	feels suicidal
muaqlua	obituary
muaqmeo	mourns
muaqpıo	tombstone
muaqrıo	carbon monoxide
muaqshao	suicidal
muaqsho	die
muaqshoguobe	African buffalo
muaqshose	death
muaqtaı	slays
muaqtea	in agony
muaqtoaı	infectious
muaqtua	kill
muaqtuaı	corpse
muaqtue	death
muaqtıaı	coffin
muaraq	specific
muaı	umami
muchoa	moos
mueqkea	computer
muguqrua	hibiscus flower
muka	musk deer
muo	whole
muobu	partial
muobugoaıcha	affricate
muochoq	uses up
muochoqte	used up
muogoı	cures
muomıe	living being
muoq	made.of
muoqfıu	sparse
muoqjaq	massive
muoqmea	element
muoqpuı	heterogenous
muoqshoa	dense
muoqshı	homogenous
muoqtoaı	atom
muoqtuao	has a small mass
muoseu	integer
muosoı	is at war with
muotua	mend
muozıu	integer
muozıu	integer
muoı	rotate
muoı	rotates
muoı	rotates
muoıcıoq	crank
muoıduy	rolls
muoıhua	neck
muoıhupa	screws
muoıhupachuo	a screwdriver
muoıme	mixture
muoımoe	dizzy
muoıpoechuo	screw
muoırıaı	axle
muoıshoaı	a
muoıshoaıchao	helicopter
muoıshua	falls laterally
muoıtoı	tortures
mupao	forest
muq	hand
muqbaı	makes by hand
muqbaıse	handmade
muqbea	wrist
muqbeagıa	wristband
muqcea	handbag
muqceaq	fingernail
muqcheı	finger
muqcheıbea	knuckle
muqcheıbea	knuckle
muqdapa	hand palm
muqdea	punch
muqdoa	hands
muqduo	waves at
muqfuq	glove
muqgoeq	railing
muqhıo	waves hello
muqkaı	handwrites
muqkaıse	handwriting
muqkea	cell phone
muqkoꝡam	pocket watch
muqne	handful
muqnotuqkea	grenade
muqnua	grabs
muqpata	french fry
muqse	handprint
muqseaq	fists
muqshoaı	bat
muqtoq	palm of a hand
muqtıoq	handcuff
muqzu	sign language
mura	and
muraq	dark
muse	mouse
musekea	computer mouse
musekusu	cucumber
musela	weasel
muselamelı	ferret-badger
musenuı	house mouse
musoky	Korean shamanist
musylıq	Islamic
mute	garbage
muteheq	trash can
muteheqchuo	trash can
muteheqmy	trash can
muty	blocked
muy	us
muı	meaning
muıbo	meaningful
muıbomıu	perceives
muıbıao	perplexed
muıchuo	argument
muıcıa	asemic
muıdao	definition
muıdeoq	explains
muıdoa	assigns meaning
muıdua	understand
muıheq	hypernym
muıhuı	pejorative
muıhuısheo	feels guilty
muıjuoı	defines
muıjuq	understands
muıkoe	disambiguates
muılıaq	synonyms
muılıaqgıq	antonyms
muılıaqkue	thesaurus
muımu	has meaning
muımıa	rich in meaning
muımıu	perceives
muımıu	thinks that
muınıe	hyponym
muınıelıaq	co-hyponyms
muınıemu	hypernym
muıpaq	is a nuance
muıpaqbo	contains nuance
muıpuq	polysemous
muıshı	monosemous
muıtoa	predicate word
muıtoa	content word
muıtoaı	sememe
myı	us
máo	also
mä	whether
mıa	rich
mıajıeq	manic
mıala	silver
mıao	moon
mıao	moon
mıaoboe	mooncake
mıaobıa	has PMS
mıaochoa	meows
mıaodoaı	mooncake
mıaodoaı	mooncake
mıaogıo	moonlight
mıaoloha	silver
mıaoluko	werewolf
mıaonıaq	lunar year
mıaopıo	moonstone
mıaozaq	moonrise
mıaq	value
mıaqbo	has value
mıaqcıa	worthless
mıaqgaı	esteem
mıaqjıe	appreciate
mıaqmıa	valuable
mıaqmıeq	evaluates
mıaqmıq	invaluable
mıaqsao	valuable
mıaqtoı	celebrates
mıat	moneran
mıaı	rhyme
mıaıfıa	onset
mıaılaqteı	syllabic tone
mıaıme	rhyme scheme
mıaıruo	and
mıaırıoq	rime
mıaıse	rhyme
mıaıtoaı	syllable
mıaıtıaı	cube
mıbo	of that called
mıdıe	rosemary
mıe	alive
mıe'aı	lively
mıebıe	afterlife
mıecıu	births
mıedaosaı	nucleic acid
mıedua	savoir-vivre
mıedıu	biology
mıefea	survive
mıegoeq	membrane
mıeguo	life
mıegı	well
mıehe	lifeform
mıehua	heart
mıehuaq	outlives
mıekaze	heartbeat
mıelua	bio
mıelıe	goes about
mıeme	biome
mıenetoaı	hit point
mıepıo	fossil
mıeq	measure
mıeqsı	analyzes
mıeqtao	does
mıeqtaı	determines that
mıeqtoı	conducts on
mıerıo	dioxygen
mıerıo	dioxygen
mıerıoq	species
mıerıoqdıu	taxonomy
mıerıoqjeq	fellow creature
mıerıoqjeqchuq	cannibal
mıeshı	living being
mıesıaı	lifeblood
mıetao	lives
mıetoaı	biological cell
mıetoaıloy	fermented
mıetuaı	living body
mıetue	life
mıetıaı	chest
mıezueq	injured
mıezuy	injured
mıeı	has
mıkaqbıa	has migraines
mımı	meme
mımı	mime
mımıy	us
mınu	minute
mıo	blue
mıochaq	saturday
mıocuı	of the color
mıofubuche	blue duiker
mıoguobe	nilgai
mıohobı	bharal
mıoketo	rorqual
mıoketosıu	balaenopterid
mıoloa	colour blurple
mıonıoq	bluetooth
mıoroq	elephant seal
mıozeo	blueberry
mıq	infinite
mıqdale	almond
mıqgıq	is finite
mıqgıqdoa	lends
mıqjao	infinitely far
mıqkaqbıu	kaleidoscope
mıqly	pearl
mıqnao	seawater
mıqtekıoq	breath mint
mırupıo	opal
mısotuzy	miso soup
mıu	opine
mıuchey	engineers in
mıucıa	is indifferent
mıudeaı	tenable
mıudoetua	manipulates
mıuheo	and
mıuheoraq	and
mıuheotao	protest
mıujeq	agree
mıujeqraq	and
mıule	plausible
mıumıeq	polls
mıuq	feigns
mıuse	opinion
mıushue	maintains that
mụrom	in danger
naby	bread
nabybeaq	breadstick
nabycake	pastry
nabydashı	dough
nabypoachuo	bread clip
nabyru	sandwich
nabyzeo	breadfruit
nabı	spiritual
nabıpoq	shaman
nacho	nacho
nadeq	adder
naho	garlic
nam	bread
nam	bread
namakocıa	simple
namakolaı	dingbat
namdashı	dough
namru	sandwich
namru	sandwich
namrukuha	grilled cheese
namrıaq	bakery
namı	south
namıhochu	south-east
namıhore	south-west
namıkenobo	Pampas deer
namımerıka	South America
namımoa	south pole
namıpoq	southerner
namısoq	south pole
nano	Nano
nao	water
nao'aı	liquid
naobebere	otter civet
naobeq	wave
naoboenıu	water lily
naocheoq	water bottle
naochıa	dehydrated
naocoa	aqueduct
naogoaq	slippery
naogoeq	dam
naoguaq	island
naoguobe	sea slug
naoguobe	Asian buffalo
naoguqtuo	sinking
naogıokea	lava lamp
naohaq	soup
naohepete	marsh mongoose
naojeoq	well
naojeoq	well
naojıu	hydrogen
naokaronuı	water chevrotain
naokaıchuo	pen
naokenobo	water deer
naokeq	diarrhea
naokua	bathroom
naokusu	melon
naokusu	watermelon
naoloha	mercury
naoloqchuo	kettle
naoloy	boiled
naolıaı	swims
naomusela	Eurasian otter
naomy	(a) liquid
naomı	ocean
naomıq	sea
naomıqmusela	sea otter
naomıqrea	coast
naoneo	floats
naonıaı	aquatic.life
naonıe	is underwater
naonıu	alga
naopada	leopard seal
naopeo	soaks into
naopoıba	seagrass
naorıo	steam
naosaı	liquid
naosho	melts
naoshoaı	fin
naoshua	waterfall
naoshuo	water reservoir
naosoresıu	otter shrew
naosueq	water wave
naosuhu	capybara
naosuy	water wave
naosıao	water spring
naosıqtua	washes
naosıu	liquid
naozue	puddle
naq	male
naq'aı	masculine
naq'aı	masculine
naq'ocha	man
naqbaka	bull
naqcıo	adolescent boy
naqdeo	boy
naqfu	son
naqfu	son
naqga	soap
naqgo	lad
naqgoso	rooster
naqguoso	bull
naqhupı	dogfox
naqkata	king
naqlaı	male sign ♂
naqmaı	attracted to men
naqpao	father
naqpaoguqkıaq	candy floss
naqpoaı	spermatozoid
naqpıa	brother
naqroaq	father
naqruo	masculine
naqsaı	androgen
naqseaqnao	cum
naqseo	husband
narabı	tray
narabıboe	baking sheet
naraq	orange
naraqchaq	tuesday
naraqkıa	vermilion
naraqlue	amber
naraqnaokusu	cantaloupe
naraqzeo	orange
naraqzeonao	orange juice
nasa	mad
naso	nose
nasokaro	saiga
naıbı	is in state
naıbıjıoq	state machine
naıbıse	state
naıchaq	today
naıdaq	now
naıjıa	about to happen
naına	cool
naınuaq	tonight
naıshı	widow(er)
naıteqkata	debit card
naıtoa	nonce word
ne	amount
ne	amount
nea	wide
neagıaq	pop music
neao	ashamed
neaochıaq	embarrassed
neaochıaqca	embarrasses
neaqpıo	sandstone
neaqseoqtue	sandstorm
neaqtoaı	grain of sand
neatuıfua	bench
necıoq	knob
nedao	numerical data
neheo	differs
nejeq	and
neka	filters through
nemesı	nemesis
nenea	spectrum
neo	on
neocoeq	stack
neohaq	cake
neom	standard
neopaq	layer
neopaqnuofua	bunk bed
neoq'ıum	neon
neoqsoq	His
neoqtoı	is obsequious
neotoq	shelf
nepe	ratio
nepere	neper
neq	luck
neqcıtoq	die
neqfaq	happens randomly
neqgam	die
neqgeq	comes across
neqjoı	coincidental
neqkuı	random
neqluaq	gambling game
neqmy	lucky charm
neqraı	lucky charm
neqteq	gambles
nese	impact
neu	=
neu	sum
neuluo	is a family with
neume	sum of all
ney	ashamed
neı	nine
neıjue	September
neıkata	nine
neıko	ninth
nhabuaq	falls behind
nham	dear
nhamo	remembers to do
nhanabo	their
nhaobo	their
nhaojı	us
nhaqchoa	meows
nhaqdeo	catboy
nhaqnhaqly	kitty cat
nhaqpoq	catboy
nhashaı	drops intention
nhe	extent
nheakato	serval
nheheo	and
nhejaı	furry
nheoınuo	sleeps
nho	yes
nhochoa	mhms in approval
nhoe	occurs in medium
nhoka	cute lil paw
nholı	is the range
nhom	affectionate
nhoq	cord
nhoqcıoq	tripwire
nhoqgu	ingests
nhou	affectionate
nhougoaı	pets, strokes
nhoupaı	romantic
nhoutue	romance
nhoy	imaginary
nhoyzıu	imaginary number
nhu	anyway
nhuo	array, battery
nhuoby	blankie
nhuocıoq	tab
nhuogı	ordered
nhuohuı	disorderly
nhuokueq	line up
nhuopeo	combs through
nhuopeomy	comb
nhuopıo	crystal
nhuoreaq	row
nhuosheaq	column
nhuotı	arranged
nhuq	benefit
nhutoq	newton
no	in
noa	difficult
noaca	is a problem
noaleı	is averse
noaq	read
noaqba	cites
noaqchoa	recites text
noaqfua	lectern
noaqgıokea	reading lamp
noaqjıoqjuao	screen reader
noaqkuq	recites
noaqnuoqmoı	subvocalizes
noaı	milk
noaıbao	cream-colored
noaıchaı	milk tea!!!
noaıchuaı	ice cream
noaıduaosaı	lactose
noaıdıou	lactose
noaıgaq	cereal
noaıgulaq	mammary gland
noaıkafe	caffe latte
noaınua	milks
noaınulı	butter
noaıshuaq	produces milk
noaıshuaqhua	mammary gland
nobatao	is disposed to
nodoa	uses medium
noeqtuoı	is a loophole in
nofıeq	adapts
nogenuınaomusela	clawless otter
nohenoshuaq	transcribes
noheo	translation
noq	gustatory
noqbo	has the taste
noqcaı	flavorful
noqchoı	spicy
noqcıa	bland
noqde	tastes beautiful
noqdoa	flavors
noqdoase	flavor
noqgaı	taste
noqgı	delicious
noqhuı	taste.bad
noqhıaq	poor in taste
noqloq	spicy
noqmıa	rich in taste
noqnıu	herb
noqpua	tasty
noqpuo	spice
noqrue	weak
noqrue	tastes mild
noqsaı	spice
noqse	taste
noqsıu	tastes like
nose	format
noteı	format
notua	adapts
notuq	explodes
notuqjeoq	crater
notuqkea	bomb
notuqpuo	gunpowder
notuqsaı	explosive
noy	liquid
noı	pain
noı	feels pain in
noıbudo	ıs a snake
noıcha	painful
noılıe	suffer
noıtoı	tortures
nu	such
nu'aı	reminds one of
nua	takes
nua	take
nuache	thief
nuadoa	lends property
nuagoaı	wears
nuakoe	pick
nuam	arch
nuao	arch
nuaobeaq	spring, coil
nuaobo	crooked, bent
nuaobıo	cup
nuaocıa	straight, flat
nuaocıamıq	geometric plane
nuaoduy	bows
nuaofurı	rocks
nuaokuoq	rib
nuaomıa	twisty
nuaoruoq	wavy
nuaq	night
nuaq'aıgıaq	nightcore
nuaqchu	midnight
nuaqhoe	star
nuaqmuo	occurs all night
nuaqtıqshoaı	moth
nuaı	money
nuaıbo	has money
nuaıboe	bill
nuaıchuaq	capitalism
nuaıcokı	financial system
nuaıdıe	bribes
nuaıfeoq	coins
nuaıgou	paid
nuaıgoucıa	unpaid
nuaıhea	coin
nuaıheq	wallet
nuaıjıo	bank
nuaıloha	gold
nuaılıaı	in debt
nuaımaı	miser
nuaınhe	incurs a cost
nuaıpeq	money note
nuaırıoq	currency
nuaıshuo	bank account
nuaıtuaı	physical money
nubeı	indeed so
nubo	is such as
nue	promise
nuebuaq	fails
nuekao	contract
nuekao	contract
nuepo	bussy
nueq	meat
nueq	is meat
nueqbıu	sausage
nueqche	butcher
nueqchuq	carnivorous
nueqcıachuq	vegetarian
nueqhaq	meat
nueqkıapıo	carnelian
nueqmuo	pancreas
nueqrıedoaı	burger
nueqrıeq	vegetarian
nueqshoaı	Sarcopterygii
nueqtuo	carnivoran
nueshaı	flakes on
nuetaq	intends to do
nuja	makes with
nuja	makes with
nujaq	case to this
nukuq	says like this:
nulı	grease
nulıbaı	fries
nulıdoa	oils
nulıhıeq	spatters oil
nulıloy	fried
nulımuoq	dairy
nulınuty	tenkasu
nulınuı	skinny
nulıpıo	asphalt
nulısao	fat
nulısaı	butter
nulıse	is fried
nunuq	worm
nuo	sleep
nuoboe	blanket
nuobıao	drowsy
nuocaı	fast asleep
nuochoa	snores
nuocholı	mattress
nuocıuse	rheum
nuofa	goes to bed
nuofa	go.to.bed
nuofua	bed
nuofualıa	bedside
nuofuq	pyjama
nuogaı	dreams
nuogaı	dream
nuogaıse	dream
nuogaısekoaı	dreamcatcher
nuoge	dream
nuohıaq	sleep-deprived
nuojıaq	dream world
nuokoı	somnambulates
nuokua	bedroom
nuokuaı	tired
nuokuaı	sleepy
nuoneaq	rheum
nuoq	reflect
nuoqchoa	repeats
nuoqfua	mirror
nuoqfua	mirror
nuoqfuaq	reflection
nuoqjeqtaq	symmetric
nuoqmy	mirror
nuoqmıa	brilliant
nuoqrea	shiny
nuoqse	reflection
nuoqshıa	mirror
nuoqsuoı	brilliant
nuorıaı	mattress
nuosho	fall.asleep
nuosofa	pullout couch
nuosoı	has a nightmare
nuosuaq	sings lullaby
nuotoa	dreamt-up word
nuotuao	half-awake
nuoıguonıaı	ruminant
nuoıhua	jaw
nuoıhuabeq	chin
nuoıhuakıaq	beard
nuoızeo	berry
nupı	pebble
nuq'o	"does back"
nuqleq	anteater
nuqmusela	marbled polecat
nuru	worm-like animal
nutuao	case this
nuty	dregs
nuy	"does back"
nuı	small
nuı'eku	pony
nuıbeaq	wand
nuıchuq	eats a snack
nuıdao	detail
nuıdoaq	town
nuıduo	little.while
nuıfoq	mobile phone
nuıhaq	snack
nuıhoe	photon
nuıhuaıchuo	teaspoon
nuıhuı	pathogen
nuıjaq	tiny
nuıjaq	tiny
nuıkaqchuo	microscope
nuıkaı	writes
nuıkıoq	marble
nuılaı	lowercase letter
nuım	star
nuımeı	hill
nuımlaı	asterisk
nuımpuo	stardust
nuımuı	definition
nuımıe	microbe
nuımıejuq	ferments
nuımıejuqluı	fermented
nuınao	pond
nuıneohaq	cupcake
nuıpaq	detail
nuıpoaq	breaks
nuıpoq	short person
nuıpıanete	dwarf planet
nuıseje	LGBT+
ní	this
nı	this
nıa	low
nıabuq	frowns
nıamıq	abyss
nıanua	lower
nıao	snow
nıao(neo)koı	skiis
nıaoboe	snowflake
nıaopoq	snow figure
nıaoshua	snow
nıaotoaı	snowflake
nıapuao	mist
nıaq	year
nıaqdıaq	annual
nıaqgeone	age, in years,
nıaqgu	two-year period
nıaqheı	decade
nıaqjue	is calendar
nıaqjuehoe	solar calendar.
nıaqjuemıao	lunar calendar
nıaqme	age
nıaqmoa	time of the year
nıaqnıqchaq	New Year's Day
nıaqnıqlaochaq	New Year's Eve
nıaqshochaq	is
nıashıaq	lower leg
nıaı	animal
nıaı'aı	feral
nıaıbepoaı	egg
nıaıbue	animal shelter
nıaıcho	furry
nıaıchuoı	leash
nıaıdıu	zoology
nıaıgoıche	veterinarian
nıaıguaq	animal farm
nıaıkıaq	fur
nıaıkıaı	has pet
nıaınhoq	leash
nıaıpao	raises
nıaıpoaı	egg
nıaıpoaı	egg
nıaıpoq	therian
nıaıse	animal product
nıaıserıeq	vegan
nıaıserıeqchuaq	veganism
nıaısoaq	zoo
nıbo	this
nıce	69s with
nıce	local node
nıchaq	today
nıdaq	now
nıdaq'aı	modern
nıdaqgoa	here and now
nıdaqme	this time period
nıdaqtıao	modern
nıdaqtıaobu	antiquated
nıdıosıao	this morning
nıe	inside
nıe	is inside
nıecaha	breathes in
nıece	entrance
nıefa	enter
nıefuq	underwear
nıegaıkea	endoscope
nıegoa	space inside
nıejıaı	virus
nıelıa	inner side
nıem	raw
nıemuo	is wholly within
nıenua	empties
nıeq	unskilled
nıeqfoq	feature phone
nıeqluaı	silly
nıerıaq	entrance
nıeshua	fall.in
nıetaose	indeed the case
nıetua	insert
nıetıno	intestine
nıezobo	underpants
nıgoa	here, this place
nıgu	knits
nıhoq'ıum	Nihonium
nıhu	additive inverse
nıjaofa	goes
nıjaq	case to this
nıjuı	nearby
nıjuıfa	comes
nıjıaq	real world
nıka	indicates
nıkela	nickel
nıkyloha	nickel
nımıao	is
nınuaq	tonight
nınıaqme	current era
nınıbuı	extraterrestrial
nıo	young
nıoka	mammal’s paw
nıokato	kitten
nıoq	tooth
nıoqchuo	saw
nıoqgoaımy	toothbrush
nıoqgoıche	dentist
nıoqguka	gnaws
nıoqgukanıaı	rodent
nıoqjıaı	bites onto
nıoqketea	toothed whale
nıoqketo	toothed whale
nıoqkoı	walrus
nıoqkoısıu	odobenid
nıoqnueq	gums
nıoqsaı	ivory
nıoqsutıabeqtı	denti-alveolar
nıoqsıoq	cogwheel
nıoqsıoqme	gears
nıoqsıqsaı	toothpaste
nıoqtoechuo	saw
nıoqtı	dental
nıoqtıabeq	alveolar ridge
nıoqtıabeqtı	alveolar
nıoqtıasutı	post-alveolar
nıoshuaı	innocent
nıq	new
nıq	new
nıq'e	again
nıqbıao	surprised
nıqca	update
nıqchoaq	newcomer
nıqchuq	chews cud
nıqchıe	is a beginner
nıqchıe	beginner
nıqdao	news
nıqdua	discover
nıqguo	again
nıqguokuaı	miss
nıqguomute	recyclable trash
nıqguomuteheq	recycling bin
nıqguomıe	revived
nıqgı	has novelty
nıqgıucıoq	new line
nıqja	ninja
nıqjacua	ninjas
nıqjatao	ninjas
nıqjey	has xenogender
nıqjıu	reborn
nıqkaı	writes
nıqkue	news bulletin
nıqkıutua	recycles
nıqluı	familiar
nıqmuo	up-to-date
nıqnıaqchaq	New Year's Day
nıqnıaqlaochaq	New Year's Eve
nıqpaq	addition
nıqpıq	nitpicks
nıqreq	newborn child
nıqrıo	fresh air
nıqsaı	is
nıqteısaı	neoplasma
nıqtoaq	neo-Toaqic
nıqtua	updates
nıqzıakea	repeater
nırıaq	here, this place
nıtojeq	nitrogen
nıtosaı	is
nıtuao	case this
nıtı	here
nıu	plant
nıubepoaı	seed
nıuboe	leaf
nıuchuaqchuq	(a) vegan
nıudıu	botany
nıudıuche	botanist
nıuguaq	farm
nıuhaq	phosphorus
nıuheqmy	planter
nıukueq	salad
nıuly	bunny
nıunaqpoaı	pollen
nıupoaı	seed
nıupoaı	seed
nıupuao	organic smoke
nıupuo	starch
nıurıqsaı	chlorophyll
nıusaı	organic matter
nıusoaq	botanical garden
nıusıaı	sap
nıusıaıpıo	amber
nıy	that over there
nı̇qpıq	nitpicks
oaomo	letter '
obane	mass
obe	oh
obelaı	exclamation mark
ocara	Ostara
ocha	human
ocha	human
ocha	sentient being
ocha'aı	anthro
ochasesaı	plastic
ochasıu	humanoid
ocı	ice mummy
ocıjeq	oxygen
oe	hey.there
oganesoq	Oganesson
oguı	snake
oguı	snake
oguıpıu	snake skin
oka	goodbye
okeı	OK
okeıjıe	accepts
ole	Orwellian
olea	olive tree
om	ohm
oma	lump
opeolaı	letter Ø
oqsısaı	is
oreo	inhuman
oreq	human
oro	ugh
orogı	orchid
osaraısıu	true oyster
ota	oats
otakocy	oatmeal
otanıu	oats
ou'ouko	letter Ou
ouko	conifer cone
oukomuao	conifer
oukonıu	conifer
ourebı	oribi
oy'o	owos
oı'oıne	letter Oı
oılazıu	Euler's number e
oılyzıu	Euler's number
oıne	screw
oınesheq	screwdriver
paba	avocado tree
pabahaq	guacamole
pabanao	guacamole
pabazeo	avocado fruit
pagaq	pagan
pagechımoqsutachuaq	Pastafarianism
pagechımoqsutachı	Pastafarian
paku	wax
pakutıe	waxed
pakırasıu	peccary
pala	(hard) palate
pala	(hard) palate
palaq	hand palm
palate	palatized
palatı	palatal
palatına	platinum
pana	god Pan
panama	Panamanian
panamagua	Panama
pao	parent
paopao	grandparent
papa	papa
paparua	poppy
papy	papilla
papıka	paprike
paq	part
paqbo	has part
paqboq	interferes with
paqboshaı	loses part
paqbosho	gains part
paqchoq	uses up some
paqchuo	piece
paqchıo	take turns doing
paqchıose	turn
paqcıa	lack
paqda	panda
paqdoa	contributes
paqdıu	mereology
paqgo	has part
paqkaı	spells out
paqkygıaq	punk rock
paqmetuq	power set
paqmu	has part
paqmuo	whole
paqmuo	entirety
paqmıa	complex
paqmıeq	analyzes
paqne	some portion
paqnua	remove
paqshaı	lose
paqsho	meshes into
paqsho	gains part
paqtao	participate
paqtoe	notches
paqtı	panties
paruha	pharaoh
paruhay	pharaoh
paruq	pharynx
parıq	pharynx
parıqtı	pharyngeal
pasakala	pascal
pasho	splashes liquid
pashosuꝡe	splash
pasyka	Easter
pata	pasta
patı	party
patıchea	party hat
pazı	annoyed
paı	friend
paıchua	nickname
paıchıtuq	baiji
paıchıtuqsıu	baiji
paıde	cute
paıfeu	fall.out.with
paıfuo	pats
paıgaq	companion
paıgoaı	strokes
paıgı	friendly
paıgıq	enemy
paıgıqruo	acts mean
paıhuı	is cruel
paıjı	friend of mine
paıkuaı	squishes
paıluo	found family
paıme	friend group
paınıaı	pet
paıruo	friendly
pe	for
pea	ago
peha	figuratively
pekaq	fisher
pele	spot
pelekato	marbled cat
peleshıqhua	addax
peloq	rank
pelua	pelvis
peo	through
peodoa	injects
peodoazo	syringe
peokıu	hole
peonua	extracts
peopaqhako	short-faced bear
peoq	chemical element
peotoe	(agentive) stabs
peotoqhua	diaphragm
peq	paper
peqboe	sheet
peqboe	sheet of paper
peqgıq	penguin
peqheq	folder
peqjuo	letter
peqjuo	paper letter
peqno	written down
peqnuaı	paper money
peqtoq	clipboard
pesahy	Pesach
peso	penis
peso'aı	phallic
pesofuq	condom
pesojoq	penis head
pesopıu	foreskin
pesoreq	Homo Phallicus
pesotıe	condom
pesıtı	plague
peta	peta
petero	true sparrow
peteroteı	passerine
peteı	relative
peteı	louse
petı	plague
peı	tensor
peıchua	monomial
peıcuaq	number
peıka	European magpie
peıkasıu	magpie
peıke	European magpie
po	of
po'aqhuıtuaruaq	blames, accuses
poa	closed
poabuı	trapped
poachoatoaı	consonant
poanıe	trapped
poaq	break
poaqchuq	chews
poaqfuı	fragile
poaqgıu	fissure
poaqhea	chip(ping)
poaqkuaı	brittle
poaqmarıkı	popcorn
poaqnoa	resilient
poaqreı	crushes
poaqse	shard
poaqshua	collapses
poaqzıu	rational number
poasho	closes
poatoame	clause
poatıe	lid
poaı	seed
poaı	seed
poaıkıoq	egg
poaınao	seed
poaınıaı	wildebeest
poaıpao	baobab
poaıpuao	meringue
poaıpuo	pollen
poaırıaq	ovary
poaıshuo	testicle
poaısıaıcıu	menstruates
poaıtoaı	ovum (egg cell
pocıa	lacks
podı	fern
poe	apart
poechea	umbrella
poeduaıtue	segregation
poedızu	is a stylized
poegıa	fence
poegıqjeo	inalienably
poekıubu	inalienable
poemoe	feels outcast
poepaq	piece
poerue	elusive
poeseo	metamour
poetoq	wall
poetoqboe	poster
poetoqtoaı	brick
poga	is
poha	one's
poha	refers to
pohı	whose?
pojıao	holy
poka	hip
pokemoq	pokemon
pokesao	harbour porpoise
pokesao	typical porpoise
pokesaosıu	porpoise
pokesıu	true seal
polaq'ıum	Polonium
pom	egg
pomuy	ours
pomı	of that called
ponı	of this
popı	poppy
poq	person
poqbo	master
poqchua	given name
poqfuaq	portrait
poqgaq	fellow person
poqhegı	eudaimonia
poqhoıtoa	personal pronoun
poqhuımoı	social anxiety
poqjoe	socially apt
poqjuao	societal law
poqkata	personal ID card
poqkea	robot
poqkoja	abducts
poqme	group.of.people
poqmecuetaq	democracy
poqnıeq	socially awkward
poqpegı	popular
poqpoe	dehumanizes
poqpuqreq	plural system
poqrıoq	personality type
poqse	identity
poqshea	desert
poqshıreq	singlet
posa	is associated
potashıum	potassium
potato	potato
potoateı	genitive case
potuaı	physical form
pou	owns
pouse	possession
pozola	podzol
poıba	grass
poıba	grass
poıbakaro	reedbuck
poıbasıu	true grass
poıbe	grass
poıla	plucks
pu'aobı	period piece
pua	enjoy
puadao	pleasure
puagoaı	strokes
puagı	fun
puakoı	strolls
puao	cloud
puao'aı	fluffy
puaobeaq	cigar
puaocuao	skyscraper
puaocıa	free of clouds
puaofuq	sweater
puaokato	clouded leopard
puaokıaq	wool
puaokıaq	afro
puaokıoq	dandelion clock
puaonıu	dandelion clock
puaopıe	smokes
puaorua	dandelion
puaq	somatic
puaqcıa	numb
puaqgaı	touch.feel
puaqgı	feel.good
puaqgıgoaıca	massages
puaqhua	tactile organ
puaqkıaq	whisker
puaqkıky	yucky
puaqnoaq	reads Braille
puaqsı	touch.feel
puaı	wild
puaıbebue	orphanage
puaıbeodıu	chaos theory
puaıloe	wild fire
puaıluko	wolf
puaıluko	wolf
puaırıe	rural
puchaq	yesterday
puche	historian
pucıq	poutine
pudıo	today
pudıu	history
pue	foot
puebea	ankle
puebeq	foot heel
puebeqgea	high heels
puebıo	goblet
puebıu	socks
puecea	sock
pueceaq	toenail
puecheı	toe
puecheı	toe
puecıoq	pedal
puedapa	foot sole
puedea	kick
puefuq	shoe
puefuqchuoı	shoelace
puefuqcıa	barefoot
puefuqdapa	shoe sole
pueguy	sock
puehıeqte	podcast
puejıaıchuo	foothold trap
puekıoq	soccer
pueq	tread
pueqbuaq	trips
pueqmy	staircase
pueqmytoaı	stair
pueruedea	taps their foot
puerıaı	foot stool
puese	footprint
pueshıaqgao	tights
pueshıo	hip
puetuq	sole (of a) foot
puetıe	sock
puga	leather
pugıaqdıu	history of music
pujoa	last week
pujue	last month
pujıa	was
pukao	record
puku	brittle
pukuaı	nostalgic
puma	puma
pumeche	historian
pumoe	feels nostalgia
pumoq	lung
pumoqdıqnhuo	bellows
punuaq	last night
punıaq	last year
puo	powder
puochıq	dust mite
puokaqbıa	has visual snow
puole	friable
puonueq	ground meat
puoq	happens to do
puoqgı	is good
puoqhuı	is bad
puoqtıao	fits
puosho	crumbles apart
puoshuao	phoenix
puotoaı	particle
puotua	pulverizes
puq	multiple
puqcoe	forks
puqgaıno	multimodal
puqmaı	polyamorous
puqmeame	multiset
puqmuı	polysemous
puqneoqsuq	you all
puqsuq	y'all
puqtoeq	and
puqtıq	polyomino
purımy	Purim
pusho	(time) passes
putaokuq	meant to say
putuqhua	Putunhua
putuqzu	Mandarin Chinese
putıq	poutine
puı	many
puıchao	bus
puıdaome	database
puıgıqcuesıo	Oligarchy
puıhıaq	scarce
puıjeq	same.number
puıjeqda	polygender
puım	ink
puımıa	abundant
puımıeq	is counting
puımıeqche	teller
puıpoqchao	bus
puıruaıjoaq	emperor
puıseu	large number
puıseu	integer
puısho	multiply
puısono	few
puısıa	zero
puıtao	multitasks
puıtoa	quantifier
puıtua	multiply
puıtuao	few
pyı	annoyed
pyıhe	irritable
pyıkuq	says complaint
pı	urine
pıa	sibling
pıafu	neice
pıanete	planet
pıano	piano
pıao	complicated
pıaosaısaı	(a) plastic
pıaozıu	complex number
pıaq	feels surprised
pıaqsuaı	occurs suddenly
pıca	pizza
pıcaloqhıao	pizza-burns
pıcıu	urinate
pıdufodaozu	PDF file format
pıdufokao	PDF file
pıe	drink
pıebıao	tipsy
pıechuo	straw
pıedoa	adds to beverage
pıehaq	beverage
pıejaq	gulps down
pıekuaı	thirsty
pıenao	potable water
pıerogı	pierogi
pıerogı	pierogi
pıerıo	air one breathes
pıetuao	sips
pıetıao	potable
pıheq	bladder
pıheqpoke	hooded seal
pıjama	pyjama
pıka	instantaneous
pıkafa	teleports
pıkafachuo	teleporter
pıkea	spruce tree
pıkou	pickle
pıkoutoese	pickle slice
pıku	picrew
pıkuaı	has to pee
pıla	nail
pılachuo	hammer
pıma	pepper
pımasaı	capsaicin
pınu	pine tree
pınuguele	pineal gland
pıo	rock
pıo'anı	gravel
pıocoesaı	cement
pıoduao	hard candy
pıodıu	geology
pıodıu	petrology
pıofuaq	statue
pıohoe	planet
pıojuju	kilpspringer
pıokaro	mountain goat
pıoloha	lithium
pıomuoq	made of stone
pıomıq	lithosphere
pıonaosaı	lava
pıonulı	petroleum
pıopıu	shell
pıosaıdıu	mineralogy
pıosıu	solid
pıotoekea	stonecutter
pıotuaı	coral
pıpa	pepper
pıq	pings
pıqceo	pixel
pıqda	peanut
pıqdadashı	peanut butter
pıqhıo	pings
pırıfuı	irritable
pırıkuq	says complaint
pırıle	irritable
pısaı	urea
pıso	pear
pıu	skin
pıuchıq	louse
pıucıu	sweats
pıunao	sweat
pıunua	peels
pıunuamy	peeler
pıushoaı	colugo
pıydıe	shills
pızı	annoyed
ra'ehaq	roe deer
ra(sıu)choatoaı	rhotic sound
radıo	radio
radıojuqkea	radio receiver
radıosuy	radio wave
radıum	radium
raga	feels energetic
ragacıa	tired
ragoq	strawberry plant
ragoq	argon
ragoqzeo	strawberry fruit
raku	Toaq-syllable
rakygıaq	rock music
ram	RAM
ramadaq	Ramadan
ramanabamı	Rama Navami
ramchıu	pointer
ramcoeq	memory.stack
rameq	ramen
rameq	ramen
rao	when
raogı	timely
raojeq	is concurrent
raojoaı	attempts to date
raojuı	temporally close
raojıoq	dates
raoleo	intends to do
raomıeq	dates
raq	about
raqbo	pertains
raqbuı	off-topic
raqchıe	learns subject
raqcua	responds to
raqcuachue	forum thread
raqdeoq	talks with
raqdua	is familiar
raqdıo	wren
raqfeao	worries about
raqjuoı	describes
raqkueme	bibliography
raqkuq	comments on
raqkuqsue	asks
raqme	semantic frame
raqmoı	think.about
raqpoe	unrelated
raqraq	tangentially
raqse	topic
raqsu	bronze
raqsıaruaq	renounces
raqtaq	meta
raqtoa	thematic
raqzaruse	content warning
rarasaı	unobtainium
rasu	skin rash
ratajata	Ratha Yatra
rato	rat
raı	something
raıdıu	ontology
raıfoa	feeling
raıhı	is
raıjeq	same
raıke	thingy
raılaqteı	falling tone
raıluo	set
raıtoa	noun
raıtoame	noun phrase
raıtoateı	noun case
raıtue	state
rea	border
reahuashoaı	colugo
reahueq	entire surface
reame	surface
reamuı	straight
reaq	lie
reaq	lies
reaqruoq	horizontal
reaqshua	falls laterally
reaqsofa	reclining couch
reatuq	is all contained
reatı	at the edge
reaımuo	antithesis
reaıtoı	opposes
rebo	**ré**'s
regochıu	Gregorian date
regonıaq	Gregorian year
rem	surface
remtı	at
reo	coloured
reo	colored
reobo	coloured
reochuo	paintbrush
reocuaq	colour
reoge	color
reohua	iris
reokaı	writes
reomıa	many-coloured
reoq	late
reoqchuq	eats dinner
reoqfeo	west
reoqhaq	dinner
reoqlıo	south
reoqrıao	dusk
reoqsıaq	north
reosaı	paint
reosıa	colourless
reotuaı	chromosome
req	human
reqde	attractive
reqdıu	anthropology
reqgaq	fellow human
reqkea	android
reqkıbucıabıso	HIV
reqmy	humanoid doll
reqpapybeqsebıso	HPV
reqpoqgaq	headmate
reqse	artificial
reqsesaı	plastic
rere	lily
rerısaı	hallucinogenic
reu	=
reu	product
reume	product of all
reupaq	divisor
reı	around
reıduy	orbits
reıdıam	radium
reıdıaq	radian
reıfuq	skirt
reıjıaq	environment
reıjıoqchuo	abacus
reıkueq	gather around
reımuoı	revolves
reımy	ring
reınuao	arches over
reıshaha	game Go
reısho	dissolves in
reıshuaq	emits
reısoı	Go
reıtaq	coiled up
reıtaqpeq	scroll
reıtaqteı	spiral
reıto	ritual
roa	natural
roachıaı	just not right
roacoaq	domesticated
roacuao	supernatural
roadeaq	ground
roadue	simply right
roagıq	artificial
roajıaq	nature
roanıaı	beast
roao	decorates
roaq	parent
roaqdeqbu	infertile
roaqfu	half-sibling
roaqgulaq	gonad
roaqpıa	aunt
roaqpıafu	cousin
roaqseo	step-parent
roaqseofu	step-sibling
roaruodıu	ethology
roarıaq	natural habitat
roateu	= exp
roazu	natural language
roazıu	natural number
roaı	eight
roaıjue	August
roaıkata	eight
roaıko	eighth
roaılaqteı	eighth tone
roaıpeoq	oxygen
roaıpue	octopus
rochoa	raven
roe	healthy
roeduo'akaı	workout soreness
roehaq	nutritious
roesho	recover
roesho	recover
roetue	health
rogue	roguelike
rokodelo	crocodile
rom	safe
rommoe	feels safe
romıum	chromium
rona	ronna
roq	cries
roqdıao	tear
roqkuaı	wants to cry
roqkuaıge	tearjerker
roqtoaı	teardrop
roqzeo	onion
roıbu	except
roıme	is
rua	flower
ruabo	has flowers
ruaboe	petal
ruadueq	flower field
ruajua	trippy
ruajualıe	trips
ruajuasaı	psychedelic
rualaı	fleuron
ruameıpıo	granite
ruamıa	in bloom
ruanhuo	bouquet
ruanıaı	anthozoan
ruao	forgive
ruaomıa	forgiving
ruaq	assert
ruaq	assert
ruaqcheu	tells lie
ruaqgı	sincere
ruaqmea	presupposed
ruaqruaq	reports
ruaqse	assertion
ruaqshao	meant to declare
ruaqshua	fall
ruashuaq	blooms
ruaı	royal
ruaıbue	palace
ruaıcha	done in a noble
ruaıchea	crown
ruaıfua	throne
ruaıgua	kingdom
ruaıguame	empire
ruaıjoaqchuaq	monarchism
ruaıjıo	castle
ruaıkata	jack
ruaılıqfu	princess
ruaınaqfu	prince
ruboq	omits doing
rubu	and.not
rubı	ruby
ruchıa	Confucian
ruco	asserts
rudo	bramble
rue	weak
ruechoakuq	whispers
ruedea	taps
rueduagı	clue
ruekoı	walks timidly
ruelaq	sonorant
ruenuo	dozes
ruenuoı	nibbles at
rueq	tight
rueqduoı	becomes pent up
rueqduy	twitches
rueqmoe	stressed out
ruereo	dull in color
rueı	miserable
rugo	and
rujı	cream
ruka	back
rukacea	backpack
rukalıaı	swims backstroke
rukatuımy	saddle
rulaı	ampersand
rumu	is, with
ruo	behave
ruochua	name
ruodoa	entrusts
ruodoetua	manipulates
ruogı	kind
ruogınıaı	saola
ruohuı	(agent) is rude
ruohuı	untactful
ruojeq	redundant
ruojuao	policy
ruojuq	assumes role
ruolua	theatrical play
ruoluaq	pretends to be
ruome	ecosystem
ruonua	replaces
ruoq	straight
ruoqgaoduochao	helicopter
ruoqteı	orthogon
ruoqteıtu	orthogonal
ruoqtuaq	oryx
ruotıao	acts according
ruoı	thin
ruoıceaqpoke	Weddell seal
ruoıgıa	cord
ruoıkuaı	has anorexia
ruq	rain
ruqdıao	raindrop
ruqfuq	raincoat
ruqhıeq	scolds
ruqleoq	umbrella
ruqnuam	rainbow
ruqnuao	rainbow
ruqnuaoreo	rainbow-colored
ruqpıo	meteor
ruqshua	for it to rain
ruqshua	rain
ruqshıq	petrichor
ruqtoaı	raindrop
rurı	stands in
rurıgı	occurs on behalf
rurılaı	is a tag
ruı	gray
ruıdepı	Risso's dolphin
ruıfubuche	common duiker
ruıhupı	gray fox
ruıkaı	pencil
ruıketo	gray whale
ruımusela	grison
ruıpoke	gray seal
ruıshe	clearly
ryaq	colour orange
rá	or
ró	xor
róı	and
rú	and
rıa	open
rıachoatoaı	vowel
rıao	twilight
rıaogıo	crepuscular rays
rıaq	place
rıaqcıa	deserted
rıaqgıu	strip
rıarıaq	square
rıaı	support
rıaıbo	is supported by
rıaıceaq	hoof
rıaıhe(kea)	frame
rıaıhua	neck
rıaıhuafuq	scarf
rıaımy	support
rıaımypuefuq	platform boots
rıaıpıo	bedrock
rıaırıochao	hovercraft
rıaısaı	protein
rıe	between
rıe	between
rıegoa	is the space
rıejeqda	intergender
rıekoaı	Internet
rıeq	avoid
rıeqcıoq	Esc (Escape) key
rıeqgıq	embraces
rıeqjara	flees
rıeqjara	flees
rıeqkueq	pile(s) up
rıeqsoa	saves
rıhı	rice
rıjuru	marmot
rıo	air
rıo'aı	unperceived
rıobıu	tornado
rıobıu	trachea
rıoce	airport
rıochao	aircraft
rıocholıchao	hovercraft
rıocholımeaq	hovercraft
rıocıu	belches
rıofa	fly
rıoguı	popcorn
rıohua	lung
rıojuju	air-jumps
rıokıoq	balloon
rıokıoqcıe	pufferfish
rıolıaı	flies
rıolıaı	flies
rıomıq	athmosphere
rıomıq	atmosphere
rıonao	dew
rıonaomaı	fruit fly
rıopıe	breathes in air
rıoq	type
rıoqbaq	default
rıoqbo	has subtype
rıoqdıu	typology
rıoqjeqchuq	cannibal
rıoqjuoı	narrows down
rıoqmea	belongs to type
rıoqpıa	version
rıoqrıoq	subcategory
rıosho	evaporates
rıosıqkoaı	air filter
rıoıgı	occurs
rıoısıacuetaq	direct democracy
rıoıtao	does
rıq	green
rıq(de)pıo	emerald
rıqchaq	thursday
rıqchaı	green tea
rıqkuao	of color
rıqkuao	of color
rıqnao	bile
rıqnaokusu	honeydew melon
rıqpıo	emerald
rıqzao	greens
rıu	return
rıubeaq	boomerang
rıudo	give.back
rıufa	return
rıukuq	replies
rıusoı	revenges on
rıusıaıbıu	vein
rıutao	does
rıutua	resets
rıutue	anniversary
rıy	gas
rıygıokeatao	gaslights
sa'u	false
sabaq	soap
sabeka	elder
sabıety	soviet
sabıtoa	is a determiner
safıra	sapphire
saharagazala	Saharan gazelle
sahu	false
sahu	is.false
sahuruaq	tells lie
sajabu	nonpredicate
sajeq	and
saka	shirt
sake	saké
sakura	sakura
sakurazeo	cherry
sakyso	saxophone
sala	expands
salata	pirate
salıcy	willow
samara	samara
samuraı	samurai
sao	big
sao'alaı	seaweed
saobeaq	staff
saochao	truck
saochıe	university
saochıeche	university
saodoaq	city
saoduo	long.while
saofa	travels
saohuohuanuı	Steller sea lion
saojaq	huge
saojaq	huge
saojeaq	grow
saojıoruaı	pharaoh
saokaro	takin
saokaı	writes
saokua	hall
saokıao	gate
saokıao	gate
saolaı	capital letter
saoleohe	ambitious
saomeı	mountain
saomo	salmon
saomıe	beast
saonaomusela	giant otter
saone	physical size
saope	size ratio
saopokesao	Dall's porpoise
saopoq	tall person
saopue	kangaroo
saoro	reptile
saorokato	jaguarundi
saoronuao	sauropsid
saosa	sauce
saose	celebration
saosuhu	giant forest hog
saoteq	buys
sapabuo	is willing to do
saq	three
saqboe	clover
saqchıo	thrice
saqdukata	SD card
saqdı	sandhi
saqguao	trident
saqja	ternary relation
saqjue	March
saqjıeq	triangle
saqkata	three
saqko	third
saqlaq	goofy
saqlaqteı	third tone
saqlaqteı	third tone
saqlıaq	triplet
saqmotao	triangulates
saqpaq	one third
saqpeoq	lithium
saqsheaq	testicle
saqsheaqcea	scrotum
saqsu	whispers
saqsıoq	tricycle
saqtıq	triomino
saraq	is associated
saraımıu	quantifier
saro	skirt
sasa	moth
satoa	determiner
saı	matter
saıbıao	intoxicated
saıcha	physical
saıchuq	ingests
saıcuao	transcendent
saıdıu	chemistry
saıjueq	stirs
saıku	Discord server
saıme	is a mix
saımoaq	stain
saımoaqmefıtı	spotted skunk
saıpo	soap
saırea	surface
saıroq	iron
saırue	weak
saırıoq	kind of stuff
saısıa	immaterial
saıtoaı	molecule
se	result
sea	rest
seaba	Shabbat
seachaq	holiday
seachaqchue	holidays
seaha	yawns
seajaı	feels relieved
seakoı	goes on a walk
seakuaı	exhausted
seamoe	feels relaxed
seaq	have.sex
seaqche	sex worker
seaqchoaqjıo	love hotel
seaqchuq	vores
seaqcıa	virgin
seaqde	attractive
seaqdıu	sexology
seaqfuaq	pornographic
seaqge	attractive
seaqgoaı	grinds on
seaqhuarıoq	sex
seaqjaı	sexually aroused
seaqkea	sex toy
seaqkıoq	testicle
seaqkıq	porn
seaqmy	jizz
seaqmıa	promiscuous
seaqnuo	has a wet dream
seaqpeobıa	has an STD
seaqrıeq	celibate
seaqtaq	masturbates
seaqtuaı	sex doll
seaı	wine
seaıbıao	drunk on alcohol
seaıjıo	bar
seaırıaq	bar
seaıshea	sober
seaısho	ferments
sebo	carries result
seceıla	off the ball
sedu	hiccups
seguaı	does commission
sekuq	second
sekuqdıaqne	hertz
sekı	seki
selaq	shark
selenıum	selenium
semıo	means
seo	spouse
seo(sho)sue	asks to marry
seofeu	divorce
seonue	fiancé
seoq	sky
seoq(gaı)chuo	telescope
seoqceoq	lightning bolt
seoqceoqbeaq	lightning rod
seoqchao	aircraft
seoqchuaı	comet
seoqcuao	outer space
seoqcuaodıu	astronomy
seoqcuaomıe	extraterrestrial
seoqdıu	astronomy
seoqhıu	Milky Way
seoqjeoq	Heaven
seoqkası	walnut tree
seoqlaq	thunder
seoqlaqbeaq	gun
seoqlaqbıu	gun
seoqlıaı	flies
seoqmeaq	aircraft
seoqmıo	sky-blue
seoqmıorua	azure bluet
seoqpıo	asteroid
seoqpıo	meteorite
seoqraq	celestial
seoqrea	horizon
seoqreo	sky blue
seoqtue	weather
seoqtuedıu	meteorology
seoqzuru	lightning
seosho	marries
seotue	wedding
sepa	astringent
sepe	snake
sepo	snake
seqju	snail
seqtaku	forgives
sesıu	degree Celsius
seta	zetta
setereıdıaq	steradian
setuq	is the codomain
seudueq	spreadsheet
seuhuaqjeq	≥
seujeqhuaq	≥
seukoaı	number sieve
seum	evening
seumhaq	dinner
sey	number
sha	arrive
shabu'oty	Shavuot
shachoa	hisses
shadı	welcome
shagıq	leaves
shaha	chess
shahache	chess player
shahahıeq	knight
shahajoaq	king
shahalıa	bishop
shahameoq	pawn
shahapoq	chess piece
shahasheaq	rook
shahasuaı	queen
shahıena	Cheyenne
shalı	has a low mass
shamaq	shaman
shamu	apple
shana	menstruates
shanajue	menstrual cycle
shanapıu	endometrium
shao	want
shao'achoqte	is burnt out on
shaoboq	demotivates
shaobuaq	wanted to do
shaobutao	does
shaoca	motivates
shaoge	motivation
shaogı	good
shaogı	virtuous
shaohuı	bad
shaohuı	sinister
shaohıaq	lazy
shaojao	wants to avoid
shaojuı	attracted
shaoluıtıao	satisfactory
shaomoe	is willing to do
shaomuı	intended meaning
shaomıa	eager
shaq	in.front
shaqbara	rusa deer
shaqbeq	cheek
shaqduo	advances
shaqfa	proceeds
shaqfeo	north direction
shaqhua	ıs a face
shaqkıa	blushes
shaqpaq	front
shaqsheaq	prostate
shaqsoq	primate
shaqtoa	preposition
shaqtıa	inside-out
shaqtıe	face mask
shaqzıu	positive number
shata	disposes of
shatatıaı	trash bin
shatı	shirt
shaı	cease
shaıchey	scams
shaıdeqtao	abnegates
shaıduo	stops moving
shaıdı	bye
shaıkıao	exit
shaısıa	true always
shea	empty
sheabıa	has depression
sheabıafoa	depression
sheagoa	space
sheaguaq	wasteland
sheakoı	wanders
shealaı	space
shealaıcıoq	space bar
sheameame	empty set
sheamoe	feels empty
sheamuoq	ether
sheamı	outer space
sheamı'araı	celestial body
sheamıchao	spaceship
sheamıpuo	cosmic dust
sheamıq	outer space
sheaq	stand
sheaq	stands on
sheaq	stands
sheaqcıoq	pressure plate
sheaqfua	step-stool
sheaqmı	rook
sheaqnuoq	upside-down
sheaqnuı	short
sheaqruoq	vertical
sheaqsao	tall
sheaqshua	collapses
sheaqtuıfua	stool
sheasaı	ether
sheba	please.move
shechıaq	intuits
shedoa	offers that he
shedoa	offers
shejuoı	defends
shemoı	intuits
shenue	promises to do
sheo	regret
sheokuq	apologizes
sheokuq	apologize
sheomıa	apologetic
sheq	sword
sheqloha	steel
sheqly	razor
sheqpoq	swordsperson
shetoa	modal verb word
shetuq	iff
sheı	free
sheıdaq	free time
sheıduq	has hobby
sheıfuq	casual clothing
sheıga	immortal
sheıgadıu	Life & Death
sheıgıqpoq	prisoner
sheımoı	freethinks
sheımoıhe	freethinker
sheıtua	liberates
sho	become
shoa	deep
shoanuo	sleeps deeply
shoaı	wing
shoaı'eku	winged horse
shoaı'eku	winged horse
shoaıbo	winged insect
shoaıcıaloekımı	firebug
shoaıcıapahukorı	firebug
shoaıcıarıochao	boat
shoaıheku	winged horse
shoe	allow
shoehuao	lean
shoesue	asks
shoju	soy sauce
shojufaseo	soy beans
shojunao	soy sauce
shom	face
shoı	scream
shoıgıaq	screamo
shoıkune	coyote
shoılaq	scream
shoıse	cry
shu'u	birdie
shua	fall
shuacao	autumn
shuacaoboe	autumn leaves
shuao	bird
shuaobue	bird nest
shuaokıaq	feather
shuaq	produce
shuaqfaqme	process
shuaqhua	gland
shuaqjıo	factory
shuaqse	product
shuashoe	lets
shuaı	simple
shuaıbıo	glass
shuaıjuao	rule of thumb
shuaımıu	thinks earnestly
shuaınu	merely
shucu	squishes
shue	remain
shue	remains the case
shuedama	stable
shuedaqbuaı	abiding
shueduı	goes on and on
shuehuıcea	garbage bag
shuemy	remains
shuepaq	what's left
shueq	bitter
shueqlue	mustard
shuereu	yields remainder
shunha	number zero
shuo	reserve
shuofua	closet
shuokaı	notes
shuomıa	supermarket
shuonıu	succulent
shuosıa	void
shuotao	saves
shuq	merely
shurıkeq	shuriken
shuı	secret
shuı	secret
shuı'ıum	krypton
shuıcıa	has open
shuıgıqkuq	admits
shuıhıeq	nosy
shuıjuq	accesses
shuıluakuq	spoils
shuıruo	acts stealthily
shuısı	lurks at
shuısı	spies on
shuısıche	spy
shuısıo	idea of privacy
shuıtoa	password
shuıtua	encrypts
shuıtı	is hidden at
shuızua	reveals
shuızıu	key
shykaı	signs
shylaı(me)	password
shı	one
shı'aı	united
shıa	glass
shıaboe	glass pane
shıabıo	glass
shıao	disappears
shıapoaqse	glass.shard
shıaq	leg
shıaqbea	knee
shıaqbıu	pantyhose
shıaqfuq	pants
shıaqgao	leggings
shıaqgıe	member
shıaqmuao	mangrove tree
shıaqmıa	myriapod
shıaqtıe	legging
shıbu	not the case
shıcaqche	dictator
shıcaqchuaq	dictatorship
shıchaqshoaı	mayfly
shıchuaobo	monotreme
shıchuetıeq	monorail
shıchuoı	thread
shıchıeqlaı	letter X
shıchıo	once
shıcuaq	property
shıe	awake
shıebo	wakeful
shıegaı	daydreams
shıejıaq	waking world
shıelaq	wake-up alarm
shıene	day
shıesho	wakes up
shıesho	wake.up
shıeshua	passes out
shıgeo	primordial
shıhea	connected
shıho	him
shıja	is the property
shıjue	January
shıjue	January
shıkaqpoa	winks
shıkata	ace
shıko	first
shıko	is first among
shıkoe	has only got
shıkogıq	is last among
shıkotao	done firstly
shıkuqse	monologue
shılaqteı	first tone
shımy	x₁
shımıedaosaı	RNA
shına	gas
shınapıanete	gas giant
shıo	ball.joint
shıpaq	whole
shıq	smell
shıqbo	emits
shıqboqlaq	nasal stop
shıqbıru	rhinovirus
shıqbıso	rhinovirus
shıqcey	sniffs
shıqchoa	snorts
shıqchuao	nostril
shıqdao	smell
shıqde	smells beautiful
shıqdenao	perfume
shıqgaı	smell
shıqge	has smell
shıqgı	smells good
shıqhua	nose
shıqhuagoaıfuq	handkerchief
shıqhuaguy	handkerchief
shıqhuahuaı	picks their nose
shıqhuahuaı	picks their nose
shıqhualapısıu	rhinoceros
shıqhuatuaqsıu	rhinoceros
shıqhuı	smells bad
shıqjeoq	nasal cavity
shıqnao	perfume
shıqnaotıaısaı	alabaster
shıqnuasaı	deodorant
shıqsaı	fragrance
shıqsıu	smells like
shıqto	Shinto
shıraq	specific
shıraı	individual
shıreı	cryptid
shısha	shisha
shıshecheo	distributive
shısuao	unique
shıtuaq	unicorn
shıu	before
shıubuaq	attempts to do
shıucoetoa	prefix
shıucuo	presupposes
shıufa	goes
shıujaı	look.forward
shıujuı	shortly before
shıukune	raccoon
shıukune	raccoon
shıukıe	thanks
shıuleo	tries to do
shıuleo	intends to do
shıume	past
shıumejıo	museum
shıunao	pre-ejaculate
shıutao	does
shıutaı	does
shıutoı	treats
shıy	disappears
shıy	disappear
soa	help
soaboq	prevents
soabuaq	does
soacha	done with help
soacokı	charity
soafuaı	charity
soagıq	unhelps
soahıao	hurts
soakaıse	guide
soakune	service dog
soaq	garden
soaqche	gardener
soaqkıaıche	gardener
soaqpao	gardens
soaqpaoche	gardener
soasue	asks
soatoa	particle
soatoarıoq	particle
soaı	beam
soaıca	emits rays
soaıdıeq	beams
soaıgıa	cord
soaıshoaı	Actinopterygii
soaıshuaq	radioactive
soaıtao	extends
sodıum	sodium
soe	sour
soezeo	lemon
soezeoze	lemonade
sofa	sofa
soke	citric
soke'acı	citric acid
sona	circle
sono'acı	weak acid
soq	most
soqbo	sows
soqcho	likes
soqja	sponge
soqjapıo	tuff
soqjuı	is extremely
soqkuoı	satisfies with
soqmea	majority
soqmoa	climax
soqnedaq	limited in time
soqrıaq	utopia
soqsıq	hygienic
soqtoı	does
soresıu	shrew
sorı	sews
sorızo	sewing.needle
sosuogoıche	EMT
souleı	ex forma
soy	vegan
soy	circle
soypaq	semicircle
soı	fight
soıbuaq	loses to
soıbuaq	loses to
soıche	soldier
soıcheme	army
soıchu	is at odds with
soıcıa	is at peace with
soıdueq	battlefield
soıfuaı	military
soıgoeq	battlement
soıheo	is against
soıhuaq	wins
soıluaq	compete against
soıme	army
soımuo	wars with
soıpaı	rival
soıruo	act of violence
soıtaı	defeat
soıtue	battle
sua	necessary
suacıa	pointless
suahuaq	superfluous
suao	important
suaobukuaq	shrugs
suaochua	title
suaochıduıtaq	megalomaniac
suaojaqchıtaq	megalomaniac
suaojıetıao	worth esteem
suaomoe	cherishes
suaopaı	close
suaose	celebration
suaosoq	priority
suaotuao	unimportant
suaotuaomıu	despises
suaq	sing
suaq	sings
suaqgıaq	song
suaqse	song
suaqsue	prays
suaqsuese	prayer
suatao	depends on
suaı	fast
suaı(mıeq)chuo	speedometer
suaıca	speeds
suaıdaıne	top speed
suaıfafa	pursues
suaıfurı	shakes
suaıhaq	fast food
suaıhaqche	fast food worker
suaıkaı	shorthand
suaıkoıluaq	play tag
suaıkuaı	in.a.hurry
suaıluaq	speedruns
suaımı	queen
suaıpeq	reference sheet
suaısıumoı	intuits
suaıtao	hurries
suaıtao	hurries up
suaıtaobu	takes his
sue	request
suecaq	commands
suecaı	demands
suecua	obeys
suecuahe	obedient
suedo	sweat
suedocıu	sweats
suefa	goes on a quest
suejaq	exhorts
sueq	wave
suetao	does what
suhobo	your
suhu	pig
suhu	typical pig
suhugıa	bacon
suhukenobo	babirusa
suhulıq	striped hyena
suhulıqsıu	hyena
suhumelı	hog badger
suhunueq	pork
suhunuı	pygmy hog
suhusıu	pig
suku	different
sumake	sumac
sumo	sumo wrestling
sunabo	your
sune	weaves
suo	you
suoqsuoq	grandchild
suoı	is great
suoı	great
suoıhıaotue	(great) disaster
suoıjaq	extremely
suoıpulua	legend
suoısao	gigantic
supaq	spam
supaqkaı(doa)	spams message
suqbo	your
suqdaq	your now
suqde	you, cutie
suqnaı	your now
suqneoq	you
suqpa	satisfied by you
suqrıaq	your location
suqtuq	y’all
surıkata	meerkat
surıq	syrinx
sushı	sushi
sushı	sushi
susı	swings
susıgıaq	swing music
suty	suit
suy	wave
suy	wave
suyduy	undulates
suzı	spiral
suı	least
suıhuaq	satisfies with
suꝡe	wave
suꝡefa	surfs
suꝡerıe	oscillates
suꝡetoq	surfboard
suꝡezıa	pulses
synhaq	t think about it
sá	some
sía	no
sı	attentive
sı	attentive
sıa'anouhe	aromantic
sıachoa	say.nothing
sıachuaq	nihilism
sıahıao	benefits while
sıaja	proposition
sıalaı	digit zero
sıame	empty aggregate
sıao	beginning
sıaosuao	is a basis
sıaotoa	incipit
sıaotu	original
sıapeı	number zero
sıaq	right
sıaqcu	rightwards
sıaqfeo	east direction
sıaqmuq	right hand
sıaqmuqpoq	right-handed
sıaqpaq	right
sıaqpaq	right part
sıaseu	number zero
sıatuaq	royal antelope
sıazıu	number zero
sıaı	blood
sıaıbıu	blood vessel
sıaıcıu	bleeds
sıaıhua	heart
sıaıjaq	gory
sıaıkoaı	vascular system
sıaıkıa	blood-red
sıaıloaısıu	hemorrhoids
sıaıloha	iron
sıaılue	blood plasma
sıaımıeq	tests blood
sıaıpıe	vampire
sıaızıe	hormone
sıbeo	distracted
sıberete	sievert
sıbu	ignores
sıbuaq	ignores
sıbuaqdaısı	experiences FOMO
sıbuaqtea	experiences FOMO
sıchuq	distracts
sıdıheqmy	CD rack
sıe	follow
sıebaq	list
sıedao	sequence
sıefa	follow
sıeho	is
sıehoq	following
sıehoı	is
sıejara	chases after
sıekao	will
sıekaıse	afterword
sıekıq	sequel (movie
sıelu	following
sıemaq	is
sıeme	sequence
sıeme	sequence
sıemenuoq	is the mirrored
sıeq	awe
sıeqca	amazing
sıeqchue	rollercoaster
sıeqde	numinous
sıeqdoa	initiates
sıeqge	amazing
sıeqgı	great
sıeqsuoı	miraculous
sıeqtue	miracle
sıetao	takes next step
sıfıususıu	beaked whale
sıga	cigarette
sıgı	interesting
sıgı	interesting
sıhe	is a
sıja	attracts
sıjou	focuses on
sıju	polices
sıjuche	police officer
sıjucokı	policing system
sıka	Sikh
sıkuaı	is curious about
sıkı	ski
sıla	thread
sılıkoq	silicon
sım	few
sımeqse	siemens
sımo	simian
sımoe	feels focused
sımuo	meditates
sımı	monkey
sına	away.from
sıne	sine
sınu	= sin
sıo	thought
sıoge	evokes
sıogı	conceptually
sıojuq	gets idea
sıoq	wheel
sıoqchao	wheeled vehicle
sıoqduo	runs
sıoqpuao	cyclone
sıoqteı	circle
sıpua	amused
sıpuache	entertainer
sıpuatua	entertains
sıpuatuache	entertainer
sıq	clean
sıqgoaı	wipes
sıqguy	wash cloth
sıqhua	kidney
sıqjeoq	bathtub
sıqkea	washing.machine
sıqmuo	spotless
sıqmıq	clean
sıqpeq	toilet paper
sıqsaı	detergent
sıqse	shower.thought
sıqtua	cleans
sıqtuachuaq	hygiene
sırı	silk
sırılaı	Cyrillic letter
sısa	conscious
sıshaı	leaves
sısue	calls
sısıa	unconscious
sıtako	parrot
sıtua	notifies
sıu	similar
sıu	similar
sıugıq	dissimilar
sıukaronuı	pygmy antelope
sıuruo	mimics
sıyky	treads
ta'ı	taxi
tabako	tobacco
tabo	its
tage	= tan
tagı	accidentally
tagımoaq	has a flashback
tajıkao	are instructions
tajızao	knows how to do
takumuı	intended meaning
takı	Takis
tamaohaq	tamale
tana	mesh
tano	soil
tanoloha	aluminium
tanukı	raccoon dog
tanı	stem
tanıtıe	bark
tao	do
taoca	(0) motivates
taocaı	strong-willed
taocho	likes
taochı	plans
taochıfea	remembers to do
taochımoaqshaı	forgets to do
taochıshaı	forgets to do
taocıa	accidental
taodıe	advise
taodıeq	sends
taodıetaı	convinces
taofa	goes to do
taogaq	partner
taogaq	and
taogaqme	team
taoguo	activity
taogıq	accidentally
taogıqloaıshua	spills
taohıao	attacks
taojao	is off
taojuoqtao	does their dues
taokakoe	decides to do
taoko	planner
taokoe	choose.to
taokoe	chooses
taokokaı	schedules
taomana	energy
taomoaq	remembers to do
taomoı	consider.doing
taomudaı	property
taomuo	completes task
taomy	stamina
taomıa	busy
taomıy	team
taonhuo	is a schedule
taonue	promises to do
taopa	accepts
taopaqme	project
taorue	timid
taosapa	accepts
taose	something done
taoshao	intend
taoshaokao	planner
taosıo	plan
taotua	fools
taotıao	is in
tapy	taps
tapıoka	tapioca
tapıokakıoq	tapioca pearl
tapıra	tapir
taq	self
taqbu	taboo
taqchao	car
taqchıaq	self-aware
taqfoto	selfie
taqfuaq	selfie
taqgaı	senses
taqko	account
taqkıbutoaı	autoantibody
taqmudaı	relation
taqnuoq	symmetric
taqnuoqteı	fractal
taqpo	is
taqraka	tailless tenrec
taqrakanuı	shrew tenrec
taqrakasıu	tenrec
taqru	tanru
taqtoaq	idiolect
tashı	me
tası	taxi
tatoa	adjective
tatu	tattoo
taı	succeed
taıba	break a leg
taıcaq	happens thanks
taıcha	successful
taıjıq	prospers
taıtenıam	titanium
tea	scared
teabıa	has a phobia
teaca	scary
teacaı	brave
teafeao	paranoid
teafurı	shudders
teage	scary
teajua	creepy
teakıq	horror movie
teanuoge	nightmare
teapuoq	horror
teaq	breast
teaqdoa	breastfeeds
teaqfeoq	aureola
teaqfuq	bra
teaqjıeq	nipple
teaqnıaı	mammal
teaqrıaıfuq	bra
tease	fear
teashuao	giant moa
teasuaı	menace
teasuaı	intimidated
teasuaımelı	honey badger
teatue	emergency
teaı	is averse
tecoteroq	testosterone
tecı	free
tefa	tangled
tefacha	an
tefacoe	intertwined with
tefamy	knot
tenısı	tennis
teolaı	close-quote
teoq	question
teoqcua	answers question
teoqdue	is an
teoqkudote	interviews
teoqkuq	ask
teoqnuateoqdoa	interviews
teoqtıao	is a valid
teq	pay
teq	pays
teq	pay
teq	pays money
teqboe	coupon
teqchey	sets
teqdoa	sells, for money
teqdoeme	economy
teqfa	visits to trade
teqfuaı	company
teqga	asks question
teqguaı	pay.work
teqguaıjoaq	boss
teqhukı	fines
teqjuq	is payed
teqkea	cash register
teqluaq	plays gambling
teqne	amount paid
teqpeq	paycheck
teqrıkıo	Tenrikyo
teqse	payment
teqsıa	gifts property
teqtekata	pre-paid
teqzıq	credit card
tera	tera
terakota	terracotta
terıo	stale
tesela	tesla
teshy	lets
tesoseroq	testosterone
tetabo	turtle
tetabokuoq	turtle shell
teu	=
teı	form
teıbaq	idealized shape
teıbo	has shape
teıchuo	pattern
teıcıa	amorphous
teıdoafuı	malleable
teıdıu	geometry
teıfuaq	design
teıfuı	soft
teıfıeq	designs
teıgaı	perceives shape
teıgıaıchuo	chisel
teıjeq	is shaped like
teıkuaq	assumes pose
teınoa	hard
teırea	surface
teırıuhe	elastic
teısıoq	circle
teıteı	posture
teıtoaı	morpheme
teıtoaı	morpheme
teıtue	state
teızıu	complex number
toa	word
toabeoq	word root
toabuı	not **toanıe**
toachıeq	crossword puzzle
toadoq	brief
toadua	Toadua
toafıeq	invents word
toagıu	line
toahıaq	laconic
toajoe	eloquent
toakasu	grammatical case
toakue	dictionary
toakıu	describable
toalaqteı	word-level tone
toalaı	letter
toalea	rhetoric
toalea	poem
toaluaqse	pun
toame	phrase
toamelaqteı	phrasal
toamuı	has definition
toamıa	verbose
toana	constituent
toanuı	brief
toany	constituent
toapaq	morpheme
toapaqjoq	word root
toapuı	verbose
toapuıtuao	laconic
toaq	Toaq language
toaqbeo	translates
toaqcha	Toaq (Dzu) Way
toaqchaq	Toaq Day
toaqdıu	Toaqology
toaqhıuguaome	Toaq delta
toaqkudote	chat
toaqkuq	says
toaqkı	Toaq Anki Deck
toaqluo	language family
toaqme	Toaq community
toaqmuı	meaning
toaqno	in Toaq
toaqreo	Toaq-colored
toaqrıoqmu	dialect
toaqse	Toaq creation
toaqseı	Toaq text
toaqtoa	Toaq word
toaqtıaojıoq	translates
toaqzuno	in Toaq
toatuq	is the lexicon
toaı	quantum
toaı'acı	amino-acid
toaıceo	resumes activity
toaıjeq	average value
toaıkoı	steps
toaınuı	very tiny
toaıshaı	pauses activity
toaıshea	vacuum
toaıtue	activity
tobıq	trusts
toe	cut
toe	cuts
toebeaq	sword
toechuekea	chainsaw
toechuo	axe
toecırıkea	chainsaw
toedea	(agentive) stabs
toedea	chops
toegoıche	surgeon
toekaı	carves
toemy	knife
toenua	cuts
toenıoq	incisor
toenıoqchuo	saw
toepaq	slice of
toeq	and
toeqchuoı	chain
toeqfu	descendant
toeqroaq	forebear
toese	slice
toesy	cod
toete	cut
toetoq	cutting board
toetuao	notches
tofu	tofu
tofu	tofu
tomaty	tomato
tonameqtue	tournament
tone	ton
tonınha	La Plata dolphin
tonınhasıu	La Plata dolphin
toq	board
toqceaq	plate nail
toqchao	skateboard
toqfua	table
toqgam	flat cuboid
toqhua	forehead
toqjı	genderqueer
toqkea	tablet computer
toqloy	pan-fried
toqloyfua	griddle
toqloymy	pan
toqpeq	cardboard
toqpeqtıaı	cardboard box
toqsa	being patient
toqsı	genderqueer
toraq	chest
toraqchuo	stethoscope
torodo	ostrich
toroso	thrush
toubuchuq	omnivore
tounueqchuq	carnivore
tounıuchuq	herbivore
toı	act.towards
toıchıaı	unethical
toıchıaı	morally
toıchıaıkıeq	abhorrent
toıdue	morally
toıdue	morally.correct
toıduesıo	moral
toıgı	kind
toıjeo	is with
toıleoq	protects
toıme	community
toımebıatue	epidemic
toımoaq	actively recalls
toımucuaq	relation
toımudaı	relation
toırumu	interacts with
toıshao	wants that
toısue	asks
toıtoa	transitive verb
tua	make.happen
tuabaı	builds on
tuadue	corrects
tuagıq	undoes
tuahao	sets
tuahuıjıe	blames
tuaja	being courageous
tuaja	courageous
tuakoe	chooses
tuamebo	shares
tuanoba	influences
tuao	little
tuaobu	quite
tuaonu	just the case
tuaonuo	naps
tuaoshaı	pauses doing
tuaosı	peeks
tuaotuao	case to a rather
tuaotuoı	is a nitpick in
tuaq	horn
tuaq	horn
tuaq'eku	unicorn
tuaqboluko	serval
tuaqbosa	European hornet
tuaqbosıu	deer
tuaqketo	narwhal
tuasıa	deletes file
tuaı	body
tuaıbeo	shape-shifts
tuaıbo	physical
tuaıcaq	fronting (plural
tuaıdıu	anatomy
tuaıfuq	cloak
tuaıfuq	shirt
tuaıgaq	and
tuaıjoq	torso
tuaıjoq	torso
tuaıjoqfuq	shawl
tuaınhou	cuddles
tuaıpaı	headmate
tuaırue	physically weak
tuaıshaq	abdomen
tuaısheı	able-bodied
tuaısuaq	dances
tuaısıa	immaterial
tuaıtoaq	body language
tubuo	already
tuchao	bus
tuchaoce	bus.stop
tue	state
tuerıoq	one mode
tuku	shows
tukue	encyclopedia
tumaı	panromantic
tume	tumor
tune	total amount
tunu	tuna fish
tuo	swallow
tuoq	heavy
tuoqdekı	scale
tuoqkea	scale
tuoqloha	lead
tuoqlıa	scales
tuoqmy	weight
tuoqne	weight
tuoqnuoboe	weighted blanket
tuoı	flaw
tuoıbo	flawed
tuoıcıa	flawless
tuoıfıeq	finds fault in
tuoıluoqtao	does
tuoıruaq	points out flaw
tuoısı	critical
tupa	pot
tuq'aı	complete
tuq'ıq	is
tuqcuoı	satisfies with
tuqcy	final outcome
tuqfıa	first
tuqfıa	first
tuqgaıhua	s eye
tuqgaıhuarıaca	eye-opener
tuqhı	which
tuqjane	maximal arity
tuqjıaq	universe
tuqjıaqdıu	cosmology
tuqko	is last among
tuqloı	abominable
tuqmaı	pansexual
tuqpaq	comprise
tuqreı	surroundings
tuqsuao	unique
tuqsyteq	tungsten
tuqsıe	last
tuqsıe	last
tuqtuq	stims
turula	troll
turulatao	trolls
turuq	torso, a trunk
turuqko	torso, a trunk
turyqko	torso, a trunk
tusa	and
tusashı	and
tuseaq	pansexual
tutı	omnipresent
tuze	soup
tuzy	soup
tuı	sit
tuıfuapuı	stadium
tuımara	couch
tuımy	seat
tuımyme	row
tuınıu	bush
tuısho	sits down
tuıtea	Twitter
tuıtoq	bench
tïo	how.much
tó	only
tú	each
túq	all
tútu	every
tı	at
tıa	behind
tıafeo	south direction
tıao	match
tıaobeo	adjusts to match
tıaodaq	appropriate time
tıaodoa	assigns
tıaodoajeq	assigns
tıaofoa	satisfied
tıaogı	suitable
tıaojeo	true
tıaokuqse	mot juste
tıaomoe	satisfied
tıaomu	accepts
tıaonuaı	currency
tıaonıe	is snug
tıaotoaı	is a notch
tıaotoı	treats
tıaotua	adjusts
tıapaq	back
tıaq	brown
tıaqboqcıra	brown vonstira
tıaqge	street market
tıaqmuqshoaısıu	sac-winged bat
tıaqsuhulıq	brown hyena
tıazıu	negative number
tıaı	box
tıaıbıo	jar
tıaıchao	cart
tıbumeo	misses
tıbumeo	miss
tıbıa	tibia
tıbıao	loses
tıbıkıqme	television show
tıcaı	stout
tıchu	goes via
tıchıaqsho	notices
tıcuao	across
tıcuao	across
tıdaofuı	regularly placed
tıduasho	find
tıdıbu	banned
tıdıbu	is banned
tıe	cover
tıebo	covered
tıeboe	packaging
tıechate	velarized
tıechoa	dub
tıechuo	lid
tıecıa	naked
tıefuq	coat
tıehua	skin
tıehuashoaı	colugo
tıemu	covered
tıeq	path
tıeqbea	turn
tıeqbıao	lost
tıeqchao	train car
tıeqchıeq	crossroads
tıeqfa	goes along path
tıeqguao	fork in the road
tıeqgue	has trajectory
tıeqkoaı	network of roads
tıeqkıu	unobstructed
tıeshaqtı	post-velar
tıete	covered
tıetoa	subtitles
tıetıatı	pre-velar
tıetıaı	lidded container
tıfaı	widespread
tıgaq	stays with
tıgaı	finds
tıjao	far
tıjoaı	tries to locate
tıjuı	near
tılaı	at sign
tıluoq	is aligned with
tıluoqcheo	co-aligned
tılıa	linden
tıme	crowd
tımoq	thyme
tımoy	lost
tımıa	holds many
tımıq	omnipresent
tınhuodıu	composition
tınua	remove
tınıka	place-marker
tınıqdua	find
tıo	how.much
tıopuı	how.many
tıoq	lock
tıoqchue	chain
tıoqchuetoaı	link in a chain
tıoqheq	is a vault
tıoqpoa	locked
tıq	tile
tıqbo	Squamata
tıqloha	tin
tıqnhuo	grid, table
tıqra	tiger
tıqra	tiger
tıqsa	scaly
tıqsaoro	scaled reptile
tıqshoaı	butterfly
tıqtı	stings
tırıgeteı	owl
tırıu	return
tıse	location
tıse	trace
tıse	presence
tısha	arrive
tıshagıq	leaves place
tıshagıq	departs
tıshatua	brings
tıshatı	T-shirt
tıshaı	leaves
tısho	appears at
tıshu	paper tissue
tıshue	stay
tıshuı	hidden
tısue	summons
tıtanıum	titanium
tıteı	layout
tıtoateı	locative case
tıtua	puts
tıtıao	belongs in
tıu	therefore
tıudıu	logic
tıudıutoaq	logical language
tıudıuzu	logical language
tıufuaq	flowchart
tıujeo	therefore so
tıutaq	self-justifying
u'upoq	"woo woo" person
ua	dipshit
ua	wow
uage	amazing
ualaq	wah-wah sound
uane	is as much as
ubaı	alas
ubula	human uvula
ubula	uvula
ubulalaq	uvular consonant
ubulatı	uvular
uchı	sex phenotype
uchıjeqpıa	same-sex sibling
ufu	phew
ugı	fair
ugıjıaq	heaven
ugıtoı	treats
uhuı	unfair
uhuıjıaq	hell
ujoq	club
ujoq	mallet
ukulele	ukulele
ukyraınagua	Ukraine
ukıu	adorable
umaqkaro	Arabian tahr
ume	mmm
umobo	our
umıbo	ours
umıfuaq	group selfie
upa	oops
uq	mhm
uqsaqbuce	USB port
uranıum	Uranium
usonakafe	caffe americano
usoq	imperial unit
utube	YouTube
utubeche	youtuber
uy'u	uwus
uıbo	slug
yqgy	swallows
zabadı	Malagasy civet
zabıekafe	instant coffee
zabıekoycheo	chat
zafeao	nervous
zafeao	feels nervous
zam	unlikely
zao	knows
zao	know
zaofaı	well-known
zaomu	familiar
zaomumıa	famous
zaomıa	famous
zaopuı	famous
zaq	appears
zaq	appear
zaqgıq	disappears
zaqlo	pomegranate
zaqlopıo	garnet
zaqlınhaq	Tibetan antelope
zaqneq	tough luck
zaqrıu	reappears
zaqshıy	elusive
zaqtua	conjures
zaratushytyrachı	Zoroastrian
zaru	warns
zarulaı	warning glyph
zaruse	warning
zasoq	is up next
zaza	marijuana
zaı	feels hope
zaı	hope
zaıcıa	feels despair
zaıse	hope
zaızu	Esperanto
ze	liquid
zenadaı	elastic
zeo	fruit
zeo	fruit
zeo	fruit
zeokoaq	ripe
zeoloq	chilli
zeomuaome	orchard
zeonam	fruit bread
zeonao	fruit juice
zeonao	fruit juice
zeorıaq	orchard
zeosaı	fruit
zeoseaı	cider
zeoze	juice
zeozy	juice
zeqbudachuaq	Zen Buddhism
zero	number 0
zo	needle
zoaı	doubt
zoaıcıa	certain
zoaıge	suspicious
zoaıpulua	legend
zobo	trousers
zonaozo	condescends
zoqbı	zombie
zoro	short-eared dog
zorıla	striped polecat
zouku	steel
zu	language
zuaq	is the property
zuche	linguist
zuche	linguist
zuchoq	uses language
zuchıe	learns language
zudeq	knows language
zudıu	linguistics
zudıuche	linguist
zue	temporarily
zuedoa	lends property
zuejuao	arrangement
zuenua	borrows property
zueq	broken
zueq	broken
zueqchoq	wears out
zueqdea	beats up
zueqmuo	wrecked
zueqmuo	wrecked
zuerıaq	makeshift site
zueteq	pays deposit
zuetue	emergency
zugoeq	language barrier
zuhenofıeq	translates
zuhey	is
zujuaokao	grammar
zukını	zucchini
zulaqdıu	phonetics
zulaqteı	linguistic tone
zulo	is a word
zulucu	language game
zumuı	meaning
zumuıbo	has meaning
zuno	is in language
zunıeq	is unskilled
zuo	have.purpose
zuoty	some złoty
zupoq	language person
zuru	electricity
zuruhaqgu	electric eel
zuruhıao	electrocutes
zurukıoq	ball lightning
zurune	electric charge
zurutoaı	electron
zurutoaıboloto	electron.volt
zurıoq	dialect
zusoı	«jbosoi»
zuydea	beats up
zuzao	knows language
zóq	you.know.what
zı	no
zıa	emits
zıabıdeo	video livestream
zıachome	firefly
zıahaqkea	microwave oven
zıase	radiation
zıazıa	sparkles
zıchoa	grunts no
zıekuq	mentiones
zıetao	points at
zıkaıkuq	messages
zıkuq	messages
zıq	electronic
zıq'ahonuaı	NFT
zıqjao	happens remotely
zıqjıo	server
zıqky	zinc
zıqkı	hacky
zıqkı	zinc
zıqmy	byte
zıqnhuo	array
zıqpeq	web page
zıqrıaq	online venue
zıqtoa	computer word
zıqtoaı	bit
zıqtızua	kicks
zırykonıumy	zirconium
zırykoq	zircon
zıu	number
zıu	number
zıubuzıu	NaN
zıuhuaqjeq	≥
zıulaıtoaı	digit
zıushuı	encrypted
zıushuıcıa	unencrypted
áhoq	you
ùı	not exactly
ıdafıty	Eid al-Fitr
ıdeı	panics
ıdojeq	hydrogen
ıfu	eww
ıgoluaq	play Go together
ıgotoq	Go board
ıjo	shows
ıloqmys	idiot.
ıma	feels present
ımebo	ours
ımebo	our
ımele	email
ımeı	email
ımeıchıu	email address
ımeıdıeq	emails
ımfueqza	influenza
ımogy	Imbolc
ına	roger
ınha	wilco
ıoqhashoa	Yom HaShoah
ıorozu	myriad
ıota	yotta
ıq	satisfy.property
ıq'ıqku	letter Iq
ıqcy	scalar quantity
ıqdo	give.property
ıqdoa	transfers
ıqdojuq	receives
ıqfeu	renounce
ıqfylueqtıa	flu
ıqjea	buy.property
ıqjuı	almost
ıqku	anvil
ıqlu	igloo
ıqlı	English
ıqlızu	English language
ıqlızu'aı	Englishism
ıqnua	takes away
ıqnua	take.property
ıqse	jade
ıqserıq	jade-colored
ırabadıdepı	snubfin dolphin
ırue	wind
ırueboe	sail
ıruefa	sails
ıruekea	fan
ıruemeaq	sailboat
ıruesıoq	wind turbine
ısheı	ıs a descender
ıshy	keymashes
ısylamychuaq	Islam
ısıkuı	Ithkuil.
ıulua	true story
ıum	chemical element
ıꝡe	high-pitched
ꝡa	that
ꝡalaqteı	glottal.tone
ꝡampırı	vampire
ꝡase	proposition
ꝡaılı	joyous
ꝡem	intense
ꝡemuoıhajıaıhoa	mobile phone
ꝡeꝡa	letter Ꝡ
ꝡogo	wug
ꝡogoq	Vogon
ꝡoka	wok
ꝡose	wasp
ꝡoꝡo	yo-yo
ꝡë	which
